------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-16
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 16, 2023
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning March 13th, 2023
Eggon says “GME go up” after earnings. ⬆️
Goldman Sachs: 99% of borrowers have a mortgage rate lower than the current market rate
Who would have thought?
Live look at banks
Warning from the treasury market
Credit Suisse shares suspended, banking crisis deepens
let me introduce you to the infinite Frosty glitch from Wendy - apply for their jobs, and get a free frosty whenever you're not selected.
#DWAC and Trump Media Being investigated for Money Laundering for Russians
Credit Suisse to borrow up to about $54 billion from Swiss National Bank
It’s confirmed, Rivian has gone tits up!
Swiss National Bank says it will provide Credit Suisse with liquidity if necessary
"Credit suisse is a great company"
Wen bankruptcy?
Robinhood Users Say The Trading App Won’t Cash In Their Profitable Bets Against Silicon Valley Bank
Aging like a taco bell you just ate
The Roaring 20s
Reddit just mooned, thoughts ?
Carl Icahn explains Twitter.
A simple calculation
Day 3 of Photoshopping failing banks on their way to a “meeting”with the FED
Here is a list of companies that are currently exposed to high levels of debt financing and the incoming credit crunch. Choose your short.
Jim Cramer Emo Remix - I made a mistake (SVB, Signature Bank & Meta Apology) - Lil Bubble
Biden reverses on TikTok
Can’t make this sh*t up. Schwab CEO vs. The Big Short
+1000% on 0DTE Overnight You Fucking Nerds!
Credit Swiss' chairman has a very appropriate name
0DTE Gains Part 3: $150,000+
The time of the bear has come, buckle up buckaroos 🐻
Why SVB is just the beginning: Part II Eurodollar edition, from a investment analyst
YOLO
(Pure speculation) I think J Pow confirms 25 base pts, or pause.
'Credit Suisse To Collapse Next', Says Robert Kiyosaki Who Predicted Lehman Brothers' Fall
Joseph Gentile Destroying Capitalism
Breaking News via Bloomberg
First Republic Bank, is said to weigh options including a sale, per Bloomberg
Credit Suisse: Short term CDS at >830 bps
Gotta bankrupt them all
Switzerland faces pressure from at least one major government to intervene on Credit Suisse
CNBC doing JPow dirty with this pic
Hey, bank for sale..! For sale?
FDIC is Daddy
NVDA CFO just sold a bunch of stock, probably nothing.
How everyone is looking at CS right now...
FEDs are not bailing out banks, they are bailing out the bond market.
All this wishful thinking JPOW is suddenly their friend...
Credit Suisse mooning tomorrow?
Snap & Meta stock surges on report that Biden may ban TikTok
Daily Discussion Thread for March 15, 2023
President Joe Biden on Monday underscored that the American banking system remains safe
Virgin Orbit pauses operations for a week, furloughs nearly entire staff as it seeks funding
The SVB crisis, explained in ten seconds
Brrr...
Recession Confirmed!
The Federal Home Loans Banks sold 90B in bonds and treasuries to raise liquidity for commercial banks. Tick fucking tock.
Nothing to see here.. keep it movin…
"you met me at a very strange time in my life"
The volatility continues… 3-15-23 SPY/ ES Futures, DXY, 10YR and VIX Daily Market Analysis
Adjusted CET1 capital ratio for unrealised losses
Could a SVB's collapse been prevented if the accounting rules for recognizing bond losses were required to mark-to market?
143K gain riding the S&P rodeo. ES, SPX 0-days. Thanks Europe, keep it going!
RIP BULLZ
Credit Suisse = Lehman Brothers
Everyone mass buying gold post-SVB collapse
Life moves pretty fast when you're having fun
Jackson Hole 2.0 Speech Leak
I’m a fucking degenerate regard - YOLO 100x SPY 388P 3/17
100% Batting Average today- +$12k
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of March 18, 2023
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning March 20th, 2023
How it feels
Imagine
JPOW did nothing wrong
Summary of Yellen’s testimony yesterday
Jpow VW effect
For people who think the banks are fine…
WSB autist impresses the ladies
Noted... In the future only deposit into banks that can't fail
The cycle of the market
40K Stock YOLO on BAC
Update from the fed
DO NOT hold near-expiry Puts on any stock that might collapse. Brokers are refusing to honor Puts on halted bank stocks…YOU WILL LOSE 100%
Fed balance sheet ticks up massively. Lots of banks wanted liquidity.
SVB Saga
WELP peeps there waiting and ready for the crash
THE INVESTOOR
Fed poised to approve quarter-point rate hike next week, despite market turmoil
Why printer is back on… 2023 is worse than 2008 in terms of deposits held by failed banks.
Credit Suisse getting desperate for liquidity
I feel like we’re watching The Big Short in real time
One of these days we'll figure it out, right? ...guys?
I guess this is the right day for this meme? Or maybe wait a few more weeks?
Fed pivoting their balance sheet strategy while inflation is still 6% year-over-year
1... 2... FRED is coming for you...
Memes create dreams. We're going to the moon folks 🚀🫡
RIP Quantitative Tightening
Got ‘em. Bulls on parade.
Are you ready to party like it's 1929? Why just have a depression when you can have a GREAT Depression? 🍾🍸🤠🥂
FRC moments after the money hits
Deal of the year 💸💸 already backed by Bank of America.
Update: High Probability Recession Hits U.S. in Late 2023
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-17
Daily Discussion Thread for March 17, 2023
I’m sorry, little ones
Jamie Saves
1.2k—>8.3k fdx calls
Fuck your calls and puts
Red Crayons
What’s Gonna Happen Is That The Fed Is Going To Bail Out The Entire System
“Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon” - Milton Friedman
No one is goin have a good time fr fr
How Jerome's Weekends Gonna Go
Denis Rodman explains in simple terms about FED bailouts
SPY YOLO profits from yesterday. Get ready for more dick today Bers!
First republic bank to raise funds by issuing new shares despite already receiving $100 billion in funding
How Jerome's Week Went
Government won't bail out the failing banks, so the big banks are bailing out the failing bank with OUR deposits, how is this different?
Swiss flag after Credit Suisse
Strolling through the financial district and look who popped up to let me know we’d be blessed with hulk dicks all day. Absolute legend
UBS in talks to acquire Credit Suisse
Credit Suisse sheds another 5% as traders digest emergency liquidity
Coming this year
$93k big bank yolo, too big to fail
Banks right now be like...
The BOIL regard, post your porn loss!
Meh I can get used to this
How the fed be handling the bank run…
Banking 101.
Banking crisis in a nut shell
How crazy was Silicon Valley Bank’s zero-hedge strategy?
When Jerome hits with that .75 instead next week
How are you guys trading this Price action?
FRC: Buy at open or wait for the dip?
378 or 405.. what comes next? 3-17-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Yield Weekly Market Recap and Analysis
Bags of stones instead of nickel. They should do the Comex vaults next.
Easy decision
Will Marijuana Save Us?
$NVDA put yolo
Now is the time to be bearish
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-18
sums it up
BTC is 20% up in 5 days, 30% down in 1 year
😁
Bank Failures 2001-2023 (Inflation Adjusted)
Hindsight 20/20
DO NOT hold near-expiry Puts on any stock that might collapse. Brokers are refusing to honor Puts on halted bank stocks…
YOU WILL LOSE 100%
Example of how long quantitative tightening lasted
Private Funds will be the next massive problem for the Fed.
100% how us WSB regards would also spend our fortune
My life the last 4 weeks
WSB discord
Michael Burry’s Chart for Banks with regard to deposit ratio and unrealized losses
And they it was Junk. First Republic bank gets ratings downgrade tonight.
Wendy's is opening in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Is this bullish?
Can the Fed really dare not raise rates next week? Who would have thought that gold could rise 6% in a week?
ECB went ahead with 50bp hike. What hopium did our bond market smoke last week?
Guess where i discovered options!
Fed Rate Hike Next Week
$2 Trillion Visualized
15 years ago TO THE DAY JPMorgan buys Bear Stearns
Here We Go Again
Do you think inflation is over considering that oil has fallen to $66
Bank substitution
Can QQQ reach $400 if Fed talks about thinking about cutting rates next week?
Me rn failing and panic dumping on the collapse
BlackRock explored rival Credit Suisse takeover bid
Thoughts on binary option trading?
sums it upHow it feelsBTC is 20% up in 5 days,
30% down in 1 year
Bank Failures 2001-2023 (Inflation Adjusted)😁
SVB SagaMy life the last 4 weeks
Thank you for making it clear after all these years
1... 2... FRED is coming for you...378 or 405.. what comes next? 3-17-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Yield Weekly Market Recap and Analysis
The Insurance Sector and the Bank Bailout Effect
Question about making money of dividends.
"No one guzzles leverage quite like Realtors, no one"
AI CEO ON GPT-4: THIS CAN GET “SUPER-DANGEROUS VERY QUICKLY”
Bank Failure Stock and Options Trading Activity
FRC 30B sunk cost fallacy: The leverage is on the wall st.
I think we should be bearish in every bank
Jim Cramer is a moron who agrees?
Covid or Hyperinflation?
Why First Republic Bank's Stock Probably won't Recover
Best buys right now
Meandering rant on banks and VR
Pivot already started, Jpow will have to explain why he printed money last week at the FOMC meeting
Accurate Swiss negotiations
The Federal Reserve right now
$FRC When JP Morgan invests billions in uninsured deposits and gives a $62 price target but some rando hack analyst gives a $5 price target
Decennial
In case you are wondering how it would work
A story in three parts lmfao
This was from deadpool vs carnage comic, a decade ago.
Remembered this post from a few years ago after reading this article.
Looking across ALL global currencies, gold is already well into an historic ATH run. Gold mining company stocks are WAY behind.
How much money did you lose?
I'm not a huge fan of technical analysis but Gold is forming a huge cup and handle formation that has been decades in the works.
Market Cycle Cheat Sheet
Silicon Bank Used2️⃣Launder Funds4️⃣Naked Short Stocks Sold By Hedge Funds/VC? Use Silicon/Embezzle💰💵 w/ Loans4️⃣Ponzi Companies ie FTX?
Inflation
Some context for the current banking problems
UBS eyeing swoop for Credit Suisse amid fears of banking contagion
2023-03-20 Wrinkle-brain Plays (Mathematically derived options plays)
Do you think inflation is over considering that oil has fallen to $66One of these days we'll figure it out, right? ...guys?
How do you guys value stocks?
The Art and Science of Spending Money - Morgan Housel (Some Real Weekend Food for Thought)
When a bank or hedge fund declares bankruptcy and is short any stock & they don’t have resources to cover
First Republic is conservatively worth $83 / share
What really matters
1... 2... FRED is coming for you...Fed pivoting their balance sheet strategy while inflation is still 6% year-over-year
I’m sorry, little onesThoughts on binary option trading?
Next time, it’ll be different.
Now this is the kind of financial news I want to see!
We just started
Midsize US Banks Ask FDIC to Insure All Deposits for Two Years
RIP Shareholders - UBS offers to buy CS for up to $1bn. Swiss authorities expected to change country’s law to bypass UBS shareholder vote.
Don’t worry
So hot
Fed goes brrrrrrrrrrrrr
If our banking system was a gy
Saw this headline, excited for whatever you guys are up to
Retail Investor vs Accredited Investor
UBS offers to buy Credit Suisse for $0.25 a share
Bloomberg: Credit Suisse said to push back against UBS $1 Billion offer.
Powell’s bane
Jpow as the Joker dealing with the Banking Crisis!
The only Debit Suisse chart that shows outperformance:
I’m Gonna Wreck It!!!
Puts on Stocktwits
Midsize U.S. banks reportedly ask the FDIC to insure all deposits for two years
Troubled Banks
JUST IN: Credit Suisse is pushing back against UBS's $1 billion offer
These spam bots are getting a bit annoying
Credit Suisse thinks UBS offer is too low and would hurt the shareholders. CS stock is down 98% so who will it hurt?
The Contagion of Credit Suisse default: Swiss interbank lending market for regional banks is collapsing
Sums it up
Live look at jpow saving the banks
4 Emotions of a BAD Stock Trade
Friend of mine sent me this text asking where to buy SIVB stonks. Who’s gonna tell him?
Berkshire Hathaway vs. S&P 500
Learning from history, how will the Federal Reserve handle this crisis?
You're never too big to fail, when you're FAMILY
UBS seeks US$6b in govt guarantees for Credit Suisse takeover: source
Powell is getting ready for more QE injections. I heard he’s jonesing for them.
Anticipating the Fed’s Next Move.....
John Oliver talking about Banks and Jim Cramer
Hella catchy
DD on the First Republic Bank ($FRC)
Regarding banks
Does CEO matter in stock returns? A look at select tickers.
How much the FED will raise rates
Is Jay Powell like the “thinker” of the fed or the “face” of it
Despite UBS and Credit Squeeze's refusal to merge, Switzerland government is now forcing UBS to hold Debit Suisse's bags
This was from Deadpool vs Carnage comic, a decade ago.
UBS nears deal to take over Credit Suisse: ReportAge of Easy Money PBS Frontline
A story in three parts lmfaoPortfolio shuffle, all in into gold!!
How is the Bankrun Going around $FRC, First Republic Bank stores?
Too Big to Succeed - Rates, Bank closures and impending market turmoil
🚀🌕 NVDA: Crypto Slump Ain't Holding Us Back – Gaming Revenues Ready to Blast Off! 💥🎮
Interest rates hike and inflation - question
$FRC It’s just me and Buffett. LFG
ECONOMIC RESEARCH FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF ST. LOUIS. Why Are the Wealthiest So Wealthy Report
Banking crisis in a nutshell
Not Banks, but Insurance is the problem. (Maybe)?
Should the Fed’s new BTFP also offer long-term maturities?
Crazy Idea, Hear Me Out
ZIM Analysts have revised up earnings for 2023 to 42 cents from 24 cents after 3.44 was made 4th Qtr 2022, 6.40 Dividend announced
Daddy Powell is ripped!
Super Bank Creampie
THE INVESTOORSVB Saga
And then it was Junk. First Republic bank gets ratings downgrade tonight.
What's going on with Pactiv-Evergreen (PTVE)?
Question about low-interest rate mortgages during a bank collapse?
Line Rider on bank stocks 🛷📉
Do you think inflation is over considering that oil has fallen to $66?
Why is FRC Bank so undervalued?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-20
Daily Discussion Thread for March 20, 2023.
SBF is surprised.
Fake Jobs, Fake Economy, Fake Money, is anything real?
Credit Suisse (CSGN.SW) down 60+% in European markets. Blood is on the streets.
Banking in 2024.
Breaking: Emergency Fed Chair Speech before FOMC - JPOW speaks.
The $17 billion wipeout of Credit Suisse bondholders has not gone down well in Europe.
The last few weeks in a nutshell.
Rock and a hard place.
RIP Janet Yellen. Committed seppoku so that she wouldn't be wrong in saying there wouldn't be another financial crisis in her lifetime.
Hey! I've seen this one before!
Fed found problems with SVB four years ago, but still let the Black Swan event happen ....
Sadly can't relate to the potential crisis.
State of matters.
Everything is going to be fine.
UBS shares slide 5%, Credit Suisse craters 60% after takeover deal.
My losses are offset by my gains = back to 0.
Let's play a game.
Here I go again!
2023 Bank customer service.
The Famous Ball and Shaft Pattern - TA says up or down?
A disturbance.
Regional banks and uninsured deposits. Can you name a better duo?
Well that worked… 🤔
CEO of Credit Suisse goes on media saying liquidity is very very strong then sells it to UBS for pennies on the dollar.
Imagine being the bondholder reading that equity was given preference over you🤣.
Feds and Inflation.
The start of the Credit Suisse downfall.
UBS agrees to buy Credit Suisse for more than $2 billion, Financial Times reports.
Jamie Dimon Leading Efforts to Craft New First Republic Bank Rescue Plan.
I'm tired, boss.
BANKS RIGHT NOW.
$CS right now …
No risk, no reward?
Fate of First Republic Uncertain as Shares Plummet Again.
The Greeks explained in a dick joke... (sigh).
The real victims are the banks. If you disagree with my take IDC I spent more time (not long) making the video than planning my positions.
A short-story repost; from Evergrande to UBS 😂.
FRC $20K Yolo | 420x Call Contracts | Expire 03/24/2023 | 35.00 Strike | 50c Cost Basis.
60GB Deutsche Bank data allegedly for sale on the dark web...
Study finds 186 banks vulnerable to SVB-like collapse.
Amazon announces 9,000 job cuts in the face of an uncertain economy.
Nice.
Jerome Powell FOMC Quotes & Market Prediction.
Is this time different or the same?
Fixed view of Zurich Paradeplatz.
This didn't age well.
$11k NVDA Long Put YOLO (plus a little chicanery insurance) — wish me luck!!
Credit Suisse down -56% in Pre-market on takeover from UBS!
Bloomberg Terminal FRC Long Term Value.
No Jail, Pass Go, Collect $2T.
You broke my heart, Credit Suisse.
Global stocks sink after Credit Suisse takeover.
The Great Financial Collapse of 2023. Comparison of Bear Stearns' collapse in March 2008 and Credit Suisse in March 2023.
I think this is the last straw. I'm exhausted and tired. I don't think I can keep going.
PACW update, has $10.8 billion in cash and can cover all uninsured deposits! Bullish!
First Republic Bank - May not survive by this Friday. Powell keeps on increasing rates.
Next time, it'll be different.
UBS buys Credit Suisse for $3.2 billion as regulators look to shore up the global banking system.
And the dip goes on...
Leaked notes from the upcoming FOMC.
How the UBS/Credit Suisse Negotiations Went.
Credit Suisse promises to pay bonuses despite UBS rescue.
Best Options Report Week of March 20th.
RIP Shareholders - UBS offers to buy CS for up to $1 billion. Swiss authorities expected to change the country's law to bypass UBS shareholder vote.
Too Big To Fail.
AT1 to CET1 evaluation after Credit Suisse crisis.
S&P cuts First Republic deeper into junk, says $30 billion infusion may not solve problems.
UBS is not paying $3 billion (or any other amount) for Credit Suisse.
Sharon Stone: I lost half my fortune in the banking crisis (One of Us!).
Bank giant UBS has officially announced its full acquisition of Credit Suisse.
How far is this bank crisis going?
Will the Fed give the greatest head fake of all time and slap a 50bps this week?
MR.Everchosen.
March 20 replay, see short do short.
Lieutenant Dan Got Me Invested In Some Kind Of Fruit Company.
CS in Germany. Going down... Preparing for tomorrow.
JUST IN: Credit Suisse is pushing back against UBS's $1 billion offer.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 20, 2023.
Sir Pow.
UBS.... they're the big cheese now.
QE for Me, QT for Thee.
$25.7K YOLO on AMD NVDA, my gf is out with Powell tonight.
Déjà vu. Credit Suisse's board of directors Chairman is Mr. Lehmann.
But what about MBS as the rates have skyrocketed?
The Fed putting back the economy on its feet by giving bonuses to bank CEOs.
Morning Briefing 🌞 Mar 20th 2023.
Credit Suisse's $17 Billion of Risky Bonds Are Now Worthless.
Low effort JPOW meme 🐻🌈.
You're never too big to fail when you're FAMILY.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
FED Cooperates With A Series Of Central Banks To Enhance USD Liquidity.
Fed goes brrrrrrrrrrrrr.
DB up next for collapse?
New Bankfall Chronicles.
Stocks will go up, Real Estate will go down.
How did SVB slip through regulators' fingers?
Unemployed guy explains Greeks.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-21
Daily Discussion Thread for March 21, 2023.
🥲.
The Fed only had $128 billion in FDIC insurance funds. It gave SVB and Signature bank $143 billion. It has no more money for bailouts.
The original "when to make money" bro from the 1800s.
Bitcoin breaking 50 and 200 moving average on the weekly. The last time this occurred, the run was 600% in 10 months. Currently, the target is $80k.
Me trying to find a safe place for my money.
Embracing reality.
How the sub has looked in the past couple of days $FR.
EOY 2023.
Three days, I lost ~$80k from $40k to negative $43k. I will sue Fidelity.
Dobby is a free elf, Dobby needs a pause.
This isn't going to end well..
First Republic Bank shares sink to another record low.
After some intense "studying," they realized that they needed $17 trillion to guarantee all bank deposits.
Shit about to go down this Wednesday.
Neinthing to see here.
How the Swiss 'trinity' forced UBS to save Credit Suisse.
🤔.
Inflation everywhere. Banks crash or consumers default.
Somehow NVDA managed to enter a bigger bubble than Sep 2021! "iT's A bUy."
Coupla months earlier.
First Republic Bank.
Shoutout from Elon.
The Absurdity of Modern Finance.
STABILIZING STATEMENTS ARE HERE.
This is bullish, right?
Three aggressive rejections followed by a breakdown on VIX, bears are fucked.
So what’s it gonna be J Pow.
Deutsche Bank default up next / inconsistency with AT-1 (Additional Tier 1) notes.
The Gov and Fed created a ticking time bomb.
The only lambo WallStreetBets users can afford.
Investor Leon Cooperman says the US is going through a 'textbook' financial crisis and the S&P 500 won't hit a new high for a long time.
Bloomberg: US Studies Ways to Guarantee ALL Bank Deposits If Crisis Expands.
Treasury Secretary Yellen says the government could backstop more deposits if necessary to stop contagion.
The calm before the storm… 2 days till FOMC. 3-20-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Daily Market Analysis.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 21, 2023.
Tiny First Republic Bank, Uncle Yellen Got Your Backstop.
What will happen to the $19 billion of Russian assets frozen at Credit Suisse? 🥶.
Will the death of the regional banks be the death of the US economy?
JPMorgan Chase thought it had $1.3 million worth of nickel stored in a warehouse. A closer examination revealed bags of stones.
RedHill Initiates First Community-Setting Warranty Program to Refund Talicia Non-Responders.
History doesn't repeat but surely rhymes $CS.
The banking industry is really buzzing, and three related points to ponder. With a small survey: What do you think the Fed will do tomorrow?
Visiting Robinhood tomorrow. Any spicy questions for them?
[DD] Trump is getting arrested tomorrow. Puts on SPX.
10K NVDA PUTS YOLO.
The Minsky Moment (New Yorker Article from Jan 27, 2008).
CEO of Credit Suisse goes on media saying liquidity is very very strong, then sells it to UBS for pennies on the dollar.
Well that worked… 🤔.
Pivot or not to Pivot...
Let’s play a game.
I’m tired, boss.
Some quick math on FRC.
To all Clown Coin Owners!!!!
Wtf is wrong with Cramer?
Flashback: On June 2017, Janet Yellen said "I don't believe we'll see another financial crisis in our lifetime."
The bear market for stocks is almost over, but the last phase may be 'vicious,' Morgan Stanley CIO says.
Credit Suisse's decline continues! First Republic Bank "stops the bleeding" and rises more than 14 in pre-market.
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning March 20th, 2023.
$46k FRC yolo.
Home sales spike 14.5% in February as the median price drops for the first time in over a decade.
Sweden's Alecta Sold First Republic Stake at a $727 million loss.
3 days, I lost ~80k from 40k to negative 43k. I will sue Fidelity.
How the sub has looked in the past couple days $FRC.
Artificial Treasury Prop-up. Here's to a 200 bps hike tomorrow to negate that.
BlackBerry Announces New Patent Sale Transaction with Leading Patent Monetization Company for Up to $900 Million.
The market estimates the odds for a 25bps hike tomorrow to be 86.4%.
Tesla is poised to report one of its best quarters in China, the latest retail sales data showed. - Reuters.
The Biggest Banking Crisis of US History | RAY DALIO'S LAST WARNING.
Best Options to Trade 4 Weeks Out.
Somehow NVDA managed to enter a bigger bubble than Sep 2021! "iT's A bUy".
10T Balance sheet by EoY Prediction!
So what's it gonna be J Pow.
Hmm.. (part 2).
Calls it is!
Unpopular opinion but fed will probably hike 50 bps.
Personal analysis of this Fed rate hike.
TXN all set to 195 and beyond.
NKE: A movie in the offing and more Upside.
How the Fed and banks are losing trust step by step with a forecasted 25 basis point rate hike.
Well, either knowing it makes no sense when articles like this surface all over the place, it typically means I should get some Calls.
Banking situation visualized.
What is About to Happen.
Well, that worked… 🤔.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-22
Daily Discussion Thread for March 22, 2023.
This fucking guy...
Eggon: "Are You Not Entertained?!"
(GME) Gamestop earnings. Let's take a closer look...
Thank you for hodling for me $GME gains $252k - $24k cost basis.
Jpow at 2:30 pm.
Shorts are Clucked 🐔🚀💰📈.
NVDA got me feeling like...
Switzerland’s emergency rescue of Credit Suisse could cost each and every Swiss person $13,500.
‘Already past the point of no return’: JPMorgan says the U.S. is probably headed for a recession as economic ‘engines are about to turn off’.
America’s banks are missing hundreds of billions of dollars.
Retirements a relative concept at this point.
I know the deal, congrats and fuck me 🫡❤️ i’ll fuck your wife too 💰🥳.
UK inflation jumps to 10.4%. 0.5% ahead of what analysts expected. The government also just gave a pay raise to Publ. Sector + actual stimmys.
How I know we're in for a shitstorm.
Jim Cramer is shilling NVIDIA.
Ty GME + 14.1k.
Never going to be able to retire?
$TLRY 🌿🔥 😎 CNBC News - "Cannabis in Germany will be a success story: Europe’s biggest economy moves closer to weed legalization."
Aped $1k into GME calls yesterday - LFG.
When I explain to people what WSB is.
Time to short the absolute fuck out of NVDA - P/E of 120 with stalled revenue and declining earnings growth.
Saudi Arabia Lost $1 Billion or 80% on its Credit Suisse Investment.
2DTE 30k SPY PUTS.
How today will go… (bears r fkt).
“The consumer is strong.”
The past 2 weeks.
Looks like there was hope...
Where will the stock market go after tomorrow's Fed meeting?
Banks issuing additional tier 1 capital.
Basis points predictions?
Pop Quiz Hotshot! The FOMC meeting is here and inflation is still out of control, but now banks are taken hostage with rates, what do you do?
The state of the market this week.
UBS-Credit Suisse Takeover Could Lay Off 30k workers.
50 Mil in profit after 2.2 BIL in sales.
👁👄👁.
Merry Powell Eve - He sneakin' down your chimney.
Small Apple Scalp.
Stanford business study shows bank values are actually $2 trillion lower than book value.
DAY 12 / HYPERINFLATION TRACKER.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 22, 2023.
To raise or not to raise? How does the Fed choose as banks blow up and hit hyperinflation? What do you think?
Interest Rate Meeting.
Disrespect your seniors.
Insider Trading Weekly Update #031: A(nother) Buffett of Oil | Financial Sector Insiders Buy Bank Shares in Droves | Insider Trading Recap.
The face ripper bear market is just around the corner, boys.
How are we supposed to expect the markets to react to Jpow tomorrow?
Reno 911! Federal Reserve Edition.
Goldman betting against Fed Raise.
Priced in?
Pre-FOMC day… let the show begin! 3-21-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Yield Daily Market Analysis.
Washington prepares for war with Amazon on mergers, antitrust, privacy, and more.
Odds for 25 rate hike are 86.4%… How JPow be like tomorrow…
17 million Disallowed loss on options losses?
When to start stop shorting U.S. stocks.
15k YOLO into FRC.
Expert who coined 'quantitative easing' says Fed too powerful | Fortune.
To the moon! The interest payments of the US Government as old debt is rolled into new one.
Help, I don't know what I'm doing.
Eggcellent DD - Cal-Maine Foods ($CALM).
The $VIX just gave the middle finger to all the put holders today 😂 including myself 😭.
White House Takes Aim at Crypto in Scathing Economic Report.
2023-03-22 Wrinkle-brain Plays (Mathematically derived options plays).
This isn't going to end well.
UK inflation rises to 10.4%.
LUCID TO THE MOON! Last chance to hop on the train 😤😤.
After the banking crisis, what's next for the $8 trillion MBS market?
First Republic New Debts.
How the sub has looked in the past couple of days $FRC.
NVDA put yolo.
Started with little to nothing in January… back behind Wendy’s dumpster or naw 🤔.
Small & Medium-Sized Banks Are Getting Worried.
U.S. stocks were up 1% at the beginning of the session. First Republic Bank rallies 36% from new lows.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 23, 2023.
Exclusive: JPOW follow-up to Sunday night comments during FOMC press conference.
I know the deal, congrats and fuck me 🫡❤️ I'll fuck your wife too 💰🥳
Fed hikes rates by a quarter percentage point despite recent turmoil in the banking sector.
Bankers better start pulling up their socks.
JPow, Nooooo!!!!!!
I blame all of YOU for inflation.
Federal Reserve raises interest rates 0.25% to the highest since 2007 amid the bank crisis.
This is the guy who saved your puts today. The market turned after this question.
It's going down even more tomorrow, shoutout to all the doubters in my yolo post.
Thanks FED...
Just ordered pizza and found this on my napkin...
The loan market tells us stocks are about to fall off a cliff.
Fed increased rates by 25 basis points. Further rate increase possible. NO rate cut 2023. Yellen no insurance beyond 250K.
FOMC Day… HAWK Powell… 3-22-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Yield Daily Market Analysis.
Fed projection charts are out.
My dad died 7,500,000+ in the red.
Thanks Jerome 🫡.
10-year - 3-month spread - Hold on to your butts.
RIP the NVDA bears that helped drive these gains.
So how deep is this banking crisis?
The Fed, for the last 9 months.
SEC is Suing COIN.
Dot plot analysis December meeting versus now.
I can't see any good rate move.
Crises not crisis.
Calls on grandma's money market account.
AMD put. Not bad.
Today.
Federal Reserve Chairman Powell: participants believe that this year will not cut interest rates.
JPOW: "No cuts this year." Me: IS THE PIVOT IN THE ROOM WITH US NOW BULLS?
Do I belong here?
Don't want to "scare" the markets, of course.
"The consumer is strong."
Economy sht Jerome Powell will be a homie with 75bp hike ez money.
Powell Speech Summary and Translation for Smooth Brains.
Economy go brrrrr.
UK inflation rate in surprise rise to 10.4% as salad crisis pushes up prices | Inflation.
Best Options Report 4 Weeks Out.
Basis points predictions? 🥲.
sh-tpost.
I'm doing it again, as promised. Let's get some chairs in this bitch.
Who’s going down next?
Setting stop losses when volatility is expected.
My comment aged well 👀.
Which bank stock is next?
Puts on Google & Stackoverflow, Calls on Microsoft.
Have no clue how stocks work, just trying to get into it.
1 day vs All Time.
Pre-Powel gains.
Still bullish despite FOMC.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-23
Daily Discussion Thread for March 23, 2023.
Reddit has officially killed Talks. We're live on Discord now!
4 Trillion dollar corrective response.
Trading 101.
Swiss central bank hikes interest rates by 50 basis points despite Credit Suisse turmoil.
I know the deal, congrats and fuck me. 🫡❤️ I’ll fuck your wife too. 💰🥳
Come back when you’re a bank.
Hindenburg Research is out!
The $4 Trillion Dollar Man, get anyone else?
With great power comes great sacrifice.
Rate Hike Today... Going to leave this here.
Hedging is for regards, real banks HODL!!!
The Next Shoe to Drop - 20 trillion in commercial real estate.
Federal Reserve raises interest rates 0.25% to the highest since 2007 amid bank crisis.
J Pow can't be contained.
It's been a long 3 days.
US Senator Ted Cruz Introduces CBDC Development Ban Bill.
The Future Of The Economy Comes Down To One Thing.
Well, well, well. What do we have here?
SEC Issues Wells Notice to Coinbase, Shares Fall 12%.
Reality vs. Powell.
MACD on the weekly just produced a sell signal on SPY.
How was trading on FOMC meeting day?
FOMC Yolo: $100,000+ 0DTE.
This might be of interest to some, based on this morning's news.
The tasteful thickness of Jerome's card.
Pre-Market! Musk speaks out, slams Fed rate hike! Coinbase slumped 12% after a sudden shortfall.
Summary of today's FOMC meeting: The labor market remains too strong.
35k Gain - AMD 90c 4/21.
Opening | U.S. stocks open collectively higher on three major indices, Block down more than 17%.
SEC is Suing COIN(GME) Gamestop earnings. Let's take a closer look...
Jobless Claims - Daily Trading Report.
Banks with the largest exposure to CRE/Tier 1, if you are looking for short targets.
Fed Funds Futures are Calling BS on Powell.
Secretary Becerra provides update on Cannabis Schedule Review - End of Prohibition may be close!
Tesla shares (NASDAQ:TSLA) have shown some volatility during the past weeks, but a Wall Street veteran has noted that the electric vehicle m
Betting against banks.
9 consecutive times! Fed raises rates again by 25 percentage points.
Goldman Sachs also embraces AI after Big Morgan: uses GPT-like technology to help developers write code.
The three major stock indexes closed down collectively, the Fed announced a 25 basis point rate hike.
DV: A Stock to take note of.
Texas Lawmaker Launches Resolution to Protect Bitcoin Investors, Support BTC Economy – Regulation Bitcoin News.
Addressing Semiconductor Supply Chain Risks - Time to Diversify?
The Bank of England was not deterred by the banking crisis and raised interest rates by 25 basis points as expected.
OpenAI's Business Strategy - What is their Eng Game?
As I expected. The Fed raised rates by 25 basis points.
Why This Banking Crisis Won’t Wreck the Economy.
A Review of Winners & Losers from March 23 Expiration (Infographic).
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-24
Daily Discussion Thread for March 24, 2023.
0DTE Jackpot: $280,000+ in 4 Hours. Full Regard Edition.
That’s cuz they survived every recession since 1920.
Please help. I have not slept in days. This is everything I have… I’m devastated… I was told the stock would be $1 soon. Should I get out?
Knock knock. You're next.
Given Credit Suisse's trouble, I'm legitimately shocked.
I don't understand anything apparently.
Sent to my friend from her bank, literally speechless.
Deutsche Bank shares slide after sudden spike in the Credit Default Swaps.
NVDA is up 74% since ChatGPT release (152% since Oct bottom). Overvalued by ANY metric. What will trigger a repricing?
Love the printer detail.
For all your securities loss class action needs!
Fed Balance Sheet.
The Superior Technical Indicator.
Printer go Brrrr for the second week.
As borrowing costs increase.
I don't think people really understand the impact of the rate hikes at a large scale...
Bulls vs Bears when they finally get their way.
$6B disappears in one story.
$META and $SNAP watching the TikTok CEO getting roasted by Congress and eventually banned.
FOMC Minutes from yesterday.
Western Union is trading at 2009 lows - 9% Div Yield.
Am no saying the printer go Brrrr but the printer goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
Deutsche Bank shares plummet amid concerns over European banking stability.
Brace for the S&P 500 to plunge 50% and a painful recession to strike as the 'everything bubble' bursts, elite investor Jeremy Grantham warns.
Money Printer Go Brr (Sad Edition).
American Households Likely to Sell $750 Billion in Stocks, Goldman Sachs Estimates - Higher yields, lower personal savings to drive selling.
Deutsche Bank Shares Plunge Over 9%.
Dow Jones Futures Fall as Deutsche Bank Shares Sell Off on Rising Default Risks.
Why does WeBull call FD's "0DTE Options"?
We are going to need more liquidity.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 24, 2023?
How to successfully gamble your retirement funds. $85k Gains (+92%) in 10 months.
0DTE. Bought puts all along the ride up this morning til all-in. Down 10k at 11am. Up 18k by 3pm.
Anyone else's tax guy sigh at you?
Dutch central bank reports first loss since 1931 amid rising interest rates.
Could the FIMA facility usage be related to Deutsche Bank?
17k SPY calls 1-4DTE - y’all too bearish.
What a rollercoaster of a day… 3-23-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR YIELD Daily Market Analysis.
I’m telling my kids this was the banking crisis of 2023.
“We like Coinbase to $475”.
Tomorrow or Monday.
El Salvador President Proposes Zero Taxation on Technology Innovations.
Banks are Getting into a big problem. Why is this happening in 2023? Are these some scars from Covid-19 back in 2020?
Bank stocks fell again, is this a good opportunity to buy at the bottom?
Netflix password sharing crackdown to begin in one week (3/31).
Blockbuster is coming back!
BlackBerry sells 32,000 mobile, wireless patents for up to US$900M.
Lookie here. COF credit default swaps, whatever it is. Imma fuckin buy puts so inverse me and buy calls for free money.
I know the deal, congrats and fuck me. I’ll fuck your wife too.
Baidu is faking its AI and only developed a wrapper for stable diffusion.
I got the $2570s this morning for $8. Sold same day for $46. BKNG is all I play.
When you try to trade FOMC.
A Thank You To All The Regard Bulls! 🤏🏻
Block’s statement on short seller report.
The Stock Market Hit a Pandemic Bottom 3 Years Ago. Here's How It Has Performed Since Then.
NVDA Short Trade Setup.
Primed for Disruption: The Rise of Generative AI in Investor Relations.
New Account 10x Speedrun. How long till I lose it all?
Market Tug-of-War: Unraveling the High-Stakes Battle to Defend the 200-Day Moving Average.
The economists will say record jobs available is a good thing. This incorrect.
There… I fixed it…
~$17K SPY Put Yolo 85 DTE.
Block is not your typical payments company.
PSLV vs THE WORLD - Must-read for gold and silver bugs.
The Banking System Is Safe. Bank Deposits Have Stabilized in the Last Week, Powell Says.
Banking Crisis Strikes! A large group of macro hedge funds hit hard, with the biggest drop of 32%.
Tomorrow - You Should Sell Your Calls And Buy Puts.
270K SPX APPL NVDA puts.
Love me a good pumpp. 879% <> 20k Gain. 🌈 🐻
Any ideas on how/where to open a short position against the $USD?
Oh China...
YOLO? Got approved for options recently and bet my entire account on a collapse. I’m in college, is this regarded enough?
The scrutiny on TikTok could be bad news for U.S. companies, Fast Money traders say.
SEC warns investors about risks of purchasing crypto asset securities.
I dont understand anything apparently.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 24, 2023.
What a rollercoaster of a day… 3-23-23 SPY/ES Futures, VIX, DXY, and 10YR YIELD Daily Market Analysis.
Banks are getting into a big problem. Why is this happening in 2023? Are these some scars from Covid-19 back in 2020?
Exclusive: JPOW follow up to Sunday night comments during FOMC press conference.
PSLV vs THE WORLD - Must read for gold and silver bugs.
Banking Crisis Strikes! Large group of macro hedge funds hit hard, with the biggest drop of 32%.
Federal Reserve raises interest rates 0.25% to highest since 2007 amid bank crisis.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-25
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of March 25, 2023.
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning March 27th, 2023.
It’s not looking great, boys.
Deutsche Bank kiss of death.
Did everyone fill out their March Madness brackets?
Who would win?
2/3 of QT has been reversed.
Bank of America Identifies the Next Bubble And Says Investors Should Sell Stocks Rather Than Buy Them After the Last Rate Hike.
Meow me.
Deutsche Bank is not the next Credit Suisse, analysts say as panic spreads.
Cathie Wood Today Buys $21M Of Block Stock; And Sells Over $27M In Tesla.
The market is being held up by 7 companies.
Don’t Get Me Wrong but how is it possible that the Dow and everything is up?
Jesus Christ... that's Jason Bourne.
Sounds about right LOL: “Nearly $100 billion in deposits pulled from banks; officials call system 'sound and resilient'”.
21k SPY Calls 1-3DTE PT.2 - y’all keep being bearish.
We have come full circle! Time to buy MSFT.
Backstopping deposits doesn't mean the banks won't fail - here's who's next.
Bank of America: Money fund assets hit a record high as investors are cashing out at the fastest pace since the epidemic.
All in FRC Roth IRA.
Going in big.
A key indicator says a recession is guaranteed in 2023 — and Bill Ackman, Nouriel Roubini, and others are warning of trouble ahead.
Value hail mary.
OpenAI helped with homework so I bought AI ticker.
Probably should've held, judging from this morning, but can't be too upset (sold for 4.20).
Deutsche Bank shares drop amid global jitters over banks.
Volatility in mortgage rates will lead to further deterioration of the U.S. real estate sector in 2023.
U.S. regional bank liquidity risk continues to spread as market rate hike expectations cut sharply.
Been trying a new trading strategy. Buy high...
You know oils in trouble when OPEC has this front & center on their own website.
$NVDA short term bearish with head and shoulders pattern. 3/31 $250 puts printing 👀 #NFA.
A Fool's guide for Option Greeks.
Traders bet on Fed rate cut as early as June amid fears of banking crisis.
What would happen if Cramer said he was bullish on $SJIM and that was the only ETF or stock he talked about until his retirement?
For those who trade SPY (SPX) calls/puts, what is your strategy?
A massive gains/losses counter that everyone contributed to would be cool to watch.
Signature Bank Founders Lost Small Fortune in Bank Collapse: Prior, their Signature holdings dropped 80 percent. After seizure, all vanished.
To my knowledge, wouldn't the vast majority of non-full-time investors just be better off by investing in the S&P 500?
I’m Project POW And I’m Down For My Crown Mang.
Am no saying the printer go brrrr but the printer goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
SOFI stock? Potential or nah?
Whenever we think we have it bad...
Is there an ETF/ETN that exposes me to the Norwegian krone (or Nordic currencies in general)?
The swap contract completely rules out a Fed rate hike in May and continues to reflect a rate cut before the end of the year.
I bought $SCHW at $58, I’m in for a roller coaster…
Nothing to see here. Bullish.
FLNG- Heard they will be getting a nice jump today.
4/21 CSwiss central bank hikes interest rates by 50 basis points despite Credit Suisse turmoil.
Microsoft-Activision merger CMA revision.
Aren't Tier 1 MSOs (Cannabis) Looking Attractive for Long-Term Trade?
How to successfully gamble your retirement funds. $85k gains (+92%) in 10 months.
I read that S&P 500 became 119 fold over the past 50 years.
Will further banks restrict transactions to exchanges like Coinbase?
Good? Bad? Little bit of both?
March 24 stock market views.
Silly bers.
Cramer syndrome - RIP Deutsche Bank.
whatsm are you doing Uncle Powell?
Hope everyone has been mentally preparing for next week.
Down 87%… hoping the banks fall apart over the weekend.
How the fuck are people still getting surprised?
You will be hearing about 'Credit Default Swaps' ("CDSs") a lot in the coming days. Let me explain it simply.
🌈🐻 gotta do what a 🌈🐻 gotta do.
Still waiting, Cathie.
You guys are making money?
Square 1.5k to 14k overnight.
Sometimes You Have To Trade The Fridge For The Upgrades.
Markets Falling Before Deutsche Bank Bankruptcy Contagion Worries.
The fed can't keep bailing banks out.
Taken from the securities portfolio section of Signature Bank's 2021 annual report. This aged well.
Would it be 2008 again?
The Idiots Guide to Why the CRE Market just entered a Negative Feedback Loop.
'Bond Kings' Bill Gross and Jeffrey Gundlach predict an imminent US recession as surging interest rates strangle growth.
Good news everyone!
Busboys of WSB - how's business going?
Expected moves for next week.
Now Hiring Repo Men for the Pounding Banks and Dealers are Going to Feel Soon!
Ok, just let me cook for a little.
2023-03-27 Wrinkle Brain Plays - In the style of Hermione Granger.
Dow Jones Index, new trading idea.
Feedbacks on BUX Zero.
Dow Jones Index, future trades on Index, long, short.
LULU Earnings.
Danny Boy in talks with big banks?
PSQ vs SQQQ Volume.
MercadoLibre Investment Thesis.
Is it time to 1929 already? I was getting hungry for some soup.
The Financial Crisis explained by Jack Mallers.
Banks in 2008 vs 2023 what’s the difference?
Ford CEO: Tesla is going to see 'more price competition' in the EV market.
On god.
The OTHER Cramer indicator.
JPOWs cure for inflation.
European bank stocks bear the brunt of recessionary trading in full swing.
Today is not a good day to die.
When WorldCom 2.0.
1.9% of Deposits is Not Systemic Collapse.
Someone has a humiliation fetish.
Europe is f*cked.
Don’t Get Me Wrong, but how is it possible that the Dow and everything is up?
Potential crisis out of the European banking system, the dollar is starting to bounce!
Earnings recession on the way: 2023 SPX bottoms up EPS ests - financials expected to grow 21% 🤡 (source: modestproposal1 on Twitter).
Wanting to buy Credit Suisse while they're dead per se.
Market Recap | Stocks Edge Higher as Pressure on Banks Continues.
Bank of America: Money fund assets hit record high as investors are cashing out at fastest pace since the epidemic.
Bulls are back in control, The Ole Cup and Handle… 3-24-23 SPY/ ES Futures, and VIX Yield Weekly Market Analysis.
You Know Oils in Trouble When OPEC Has This Front & Center on Their Own Website.
Probably should've held judging from this morning, but can't be too upset (sold for 4.20).
Brokerage at Schwab.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-27
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 27, 2023.
Eggon says “DB go up” ⬆️ 👀.
My dentist said I grind in my sleep. He real af for that 😤.
Improved Federal reserve crisis solution chart.
They are indeed highly regarded if they still work there.
LEI looks exactly like 2008. Gradual crash, small rally, and then the nuke drops.
CNBC no longer showing CDS data for certain institutions (03/26/2023) - JPMCD5, BACCD5, WFCCD5.
Banks Risk Management.
That's all for this quarter.
Banks are just paper bags with fancier walls.
If banks raised the deposit rates at the same time as fed funds they would have avoided 500bn deposit flight and maybe this entire crisis.
The Fed just reported that U.S. banks borrowed $475 billion last week as the banking crisis continued.
I'm in this mode right now.
April Fools Bank Run!
Everybody’s a winner 🥇!
IF WE GET TO $300 BY EARNINGS I’LL HAVE $420… THOUASAND!!!!! COME ON CATHY, BUY THEM BACK! ELON TWEET OUT A POLL TO BUY BACK!
Dollar demand soars! Central Banks Reduce U.S. Debt Holdings at Fastest Pace in Nine Years.
Banking Crisis: US Banks Borrow $475B While Small Banks Lose Over $500B.
They did it again.
The Floor Could Still Fall Out of This Stock Market.
6 Key economic events this week (and why each is important).
Swiss finance minister justified "forced to buy": Credit Suisse can not last a day, do not acquire is the global financial crisis.
Meet the Market's Undertaker.
Ya like DB rumors?
Airline Stocks.
Thoughts on this? Could this lead to a GLD gamma squeeze?
FRC is one to watch, here is why.
AVAV — big boy drones for defense.
Bond Traders Go All-In on US Recession Bets That Defy Fed View.
At the most recent First Republic Bank board meeting.
Sell your (extra) house and leave money on the bank - or wait for house prices to possibly drop further?
Every post here on WSB is negative now.
Thoughts on Caravna puts.
Carnival Corp - CCL.
What are you doing Uncle Powell?
TTWO! GTA 6!
Euro land banks the past month.
Don't Panic! Why FRC Is Not as Scary as You Think.
When will Tesla start selling astro droids? 🚀🌕.
ULTIMATE DD: $ATVI Moon Mission - Microsoft's Takeover = FREE MONEY! 💰💰.
Starwood Capital CEO Barry Sternlicht Warns of Impending Economic Implosion.
The truth behind the current U.S. market?
Getting paranoid about the market collapsing.
''The fed's loans to banks will only increase inflation further and they permanently ruined their balance sheet''.
NT lifetime commissions.
It’s not looking great boys.
$900M deal Blackberry news.
DD - Warren Buffet new TSLA forecast (very bullish) 🚀🚀.
Schwab CDS jump is not concerning and those that think it is are Chicken Little. CTFD!
Is Traditional Banking Dead? Tim Draper's Advice Shake Up Financial Landscape.
J.P. Morgan Research's 2023 Market Outlook.
What's happening at Deutsche Bank? Stock drops amid fears that banking crisis will get worse.
Good news, everyone!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-04-01
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of April 01, 2023
Introducing: WSB's First Ever Paper Trading Competition.
A difficult path for the bulls in 2023
I lost 34K in a month. 😭😭😭
After years of active trading and thousands of transactions, I’m finally showing Mr. Market who’s boss.
Stop losing money. The market is not rocket surgery. Yellen has concerns = upsies. 😎
It’s been a good year, let’s keep it up kids! 🚀🚀🚀
Where I sold my calls on natural gas this week, to avoid further losses...
Germany Consumer Price Index: Food is up 2.41% from last month and 21.76% from one year ago
5 secret investing tools that will make you a millionaire
Proud of everyone. We broke a record this year.
Tired and more scared after today’s rally. Hold or sell?
Four straight months of flat or rising Y/o/y Core PCE - Will the Fed pause/pivot with their preferred inflation metric behaving like this?
WHERE MY HATERS AT!?!? YOU’RE GONNA REMEMBER ME!!!! I WILL HAVE $500,000 BY APRIL'S END! GO TSLA GO!!!
Joining the “let’s short the AI craze” team. NVDA will soon roll over.. wish me luck.
Fuking great year so far
KC (Kingsoft Cloud Holdings Ltd.) is a suspicious rally
Markets go up.
Republic First is not First Republic !! Sincerely, Your Wife's Boyfriend.
Honestly, who the fuck is bullish right now?
Bukele Files Zero Tech Tax Bill to Congress as Promised
Ardelyx is on fire as I predicted months ago.
Nikkei 225 Bear Market vs S&P 500 Bear Market.
Homie doesn’t know how to take a screenshot, somehow degens his way into 6 figures
"No REALLY, we're doing fine" ~ every bank right now
What Trading Options Feels Like
The Best performing stocks for Q1 2023 benchmarked against popular ETFs
High Dividend Stock -MPW
Red Monday
Bears to Burry after his tweet yesterday...
It happens to the very best of us
Why is the market not crashing? Check out the SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022.
Finally broke him!
Options expected move charts for the week/month/quarter
OK analyst
Bought a tad too early but oh well, go ahead roast me
YOLO: May Lord Buffett announce a position in $FRC this weekend. $29k on next week's 15 calls
TSLA 0dte YOLO
Bull market is back on boys and girls
Hi friends! I just started trading last year and I wanted to share some hot NSFW loss porn.
Burry's capitulation
The man is sending mixed signals.
After a lot of deep and sophisticated research I think I have come to understand the market.
AMC Stock Faces Triple Threat: Conversion, Reverse Split, and Dilution
The Current Financial State of Affairs 🎪
$SPY TO 420 by 4/20???
Heard this gem from a 12-year-old just now
First Gain Porn BB $4.5 Call 150%+
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning April 3rd, 2023
We did it everyone.
Only a few thousand % more and I’m even on the year!
The Deutsche line is built from text mining 1.2M financial news articles from 200 financial news sources, defining how widespread it is.
$SCHW YOLO
Burrygang
WISH YOLO month-end update — Mar 2023
SCHW (Charles Schwab) is going to survive or crash as FRC?
I guess it's true... Stonks only go up.
Commercial Real Estate is doing very well and we are in a bull market!
‘Big Short’ Investor Congratulates Market Dip Buyers. ‘I Was Wrong to Say Sell.’
2023-04-03 Wrinkle Brain Plays - In the style of Count Dracula
Sometimes you have to inverse yourself to make some money. OTM QQQ calls. 208% gain
Want to buy UBS at a 6% + discount?
I shorted the Nasdaq AMA
OpenAI helped me with my homework so I bought AI ticker Pt. 2
MGOL ringing the opening bell Tuesday 4/4
Daily Discussion Thread for March 31, 2023
Bears found dead on sight!
Stocks are going up, real estate is going down!
How bears feel rn
Want a spicy conspiracy theory? SVB's collapse was intentional.
NDX Falling Wedge
End of quarter rally?
Dogshit wrapped in cat shit
Short Nestle SW
Hahahaha such a funny meme (totally not a solution to the stock market; pretend it's a funny meme so that Reddit's parent company doesn't ban)
'Nationalizing bond markets' left central banks unprepared for inflation, top HSBC economist says
SPX to 5300 by EOY
Alright Netflix - Time To Crack Down On The Password Sharing Like You Promised
MEIRL
Massive Upcoming Priority Review FDA Approval
Charles Schwab changing receiver account
It’s been quiet, too quiet…
It seems Holy Money Printer broke last week.
I couldn’t find a reason why the Shiller PE ratio traded at a 2x average multiple even if inflation was > 5% over the past 2 years.”
No, I won’t stop buying puts!
Max Pain question?
Stop Buying Puts Please
Expecting another 4100-4150 run before another SPY decline 🩸🩸
YOLO: Dirty bear. $68,500 bet on September SPY 340 Puts
Jobless claims edge up to 198,000, higher than expected
Kind regards
Reed, you're smarter than you know!
PCE Data - Daily Trading Report
Implied Forward Stability
Tender Rejections Collapse to All-Time Low
Mitch McConnell is One of Us
IGMS
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 31, 2023
Volume Buys Just Went Through The Roof Again On SPY Today - Here Are The Next Waves
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-04-03
Daily Discussion Thread for April 03, 2023
You can get man out of trading but you can’t get trading out of a man.
All in on nuclear war.
NOT a deep fake.
Economics 101.
I love being a spectator.
We are so back.
'Reality Can Be Whatever I Want' - SVB Execs.
McDonald’s Temporarily Shuts U.S. Offices as Chain Prepares for Layoff Notices.
Clearview AI scraped 30 billion images from Facebook and gave them to cops: it puts everyone into a 'perpetual police line-up'.
Interesting take.
An excerpt from a book called “Thinking fast and slow” which made me think of you guys.
OPEC+ announces surprise oil cuts, while U.S. calls the move inadvisable.
UBS likely to cut workforce by 20-30% after Credit Suisse takeover.
OPEC announces production cuts.
Sorry for the losses 💔📉😦 - r/wallstreetbets posted a net loss of $626k in March 2023.
Global oil production slashed as top countries unite in unprecedented cut.
OPEC’s oil production cuts announced today. Super bullish for CPI chart. Inflation to the moon.
For the million of people wanting investment advice. Read the room.
My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined.
Swiss federal prosecutors open investigation into Credit Suisse takeover.
WTI oil opens up at $80 lol.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, April 03, 2023.
Coming to a market near you soon.
How To Deal w/ a Losing Trade.
Analysts Expect a big Counter Offensive.
Tesla delivery numbers.
How is this gonna play out tomorrow.
Lost $8k on Tesla.
Historically, the market bottoms AFTER unemployment rises. Unemployment remains low right now…
I can't wait for tomorrow how much my put will print.
% Change Of Central Banks Gold Reserves (2000-2023).
OPEC+ oil alliance announces surprise production cuts from May | Oil and Gas News.
WWE being sold to UFC parent company ticker edr.
Was up 50% on these at one point, so I wasn't wrong.
$TSLA TTM Deliveries. Stock still 50% down from December highs, QQQ entered technical bull market, Bill Gates has sand in his /agina.
Oil prices surge 5% after OPEC’s surprise output cut; analysts warn of $100 per barrel.
Weekly prediction: tech rally over.
A journey in trading options!
Loss prn for you guys and girls!! how do I get this back?
Private bankruptcy filings are blowing past their COVID-era peaks.
How much are liquidity discounts that investment banks charge for underwriting block trades for closely-held companies?
Janets big curved yellen.
Inflation is over guys...
Helping the WSB gain counter with $72,684 gain in March.
A difficult path for the bulls in 2023.
Goldilocks is walking away. OPEC+ move reignited fears over inflation and growth.
It's good enough to close 👌.
Pigs get fat, hogs get slaughtered.
Did I do good?
Loss porn to make you feel better while I am available for service 24 hours.
The Lumber to gold ratio.
5 Key Economic Events this Week and Why.
Damn WSB influencing African economics?
Honestly, who the fuck is bearish right now?
QQQ Quarterly cycles in relation to RSI.
Thank you March, still down $4500 overall.
Bull market or Bear Market Rally?
S&P to 2500 confirmed.
Good bet streak to bad bet streak to inverse bet mode.
Details - Thinking to YOLO CAC40 🚀🚀🚀🚀.
Stock market bearish or bullish next week?
Trust Pilot reviews for COIN.
Stop losing money. The market is not rocket surgery. Yellen has concerns = upsies.
Do Options wizards exist? 😎
(SPY) Which trading zone are we going to? LOL.
AMC status??
The Best performing stocks for Q1 2023 benchmarked against popular ETFs.
5 secret investing tools that will make you a millionaire.
Next week's public operation (4.3-4.7).
Lay-offs don’t mean recession.
Germany Consumer Price Index: Food is up 2.41% from last month and 21.76% from one year ago.
Not that any of our opinion matters, but you all think AI/machine language model is inflationary, deflationary, or won’t matter?
WHERE MY HATERS AT!?!? YOU’RE GONNA REMEMBER ME!!!! I WILL HAVE $500,000 BY APRILS END! GO TSLA GO!!!
KC (Kingsoft Cloud Holdings Ltd.) is suspicious rally.
Fuking great year so far.
Food for thought.
High Dividend Stock - MPW.
Homie doesn’t know how to take a screenshot, somehow degens his way into 6 figures.
What ever happened to DD's?
The next AI stock to moon ($FDS).
What Trading Options Feels Like.
"No REALLY, we're doing fine" ~ every bank right now.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-09 18:53:44
Daily Discussion Thread for June 09, 2023
NFLX - +$170,000 overnight
The House Always Wins
Argentina considering ditching the Peso for the Dollar
The Trader of all time.
$3400-22K TSLA YOLO 🎊💰
Tech "leaders" asking to stop further AI research
Cramer actually was a good hedge fund trader
Warren Buffett used to be a real degenerate. High risk high reward 😎
Maybe it really is different this time
Does anybody remember NIO? 😢
Top tier trolling
TSLA - 6/9 250c - YOLO
MicroVision Investors
You only live once
The US is building factories at a wildly fast rate
The power of the money printer in the palm of my hand
went full sicko mode on these two
Oops, I did it again...
Q2 in one picture
Should I buy SPCE in case of UFO news?
TSLA gains! $90K+ 📈📈
Middle-income buyers face the most severe housing shortage
My careful analysis of SPY this week...
How every single earnings work
The confirmation has been made: we are now officially in a bull market
+$25,000 NFLX calls; Made $60k total today 🥵
Cumulative M2 Money Supply of major Central Banks near ATH thanks to PBOC and BOJ. Offsets Fed Reserve's QT. Explains rally since Oct '22
TSLA 3 6/9 Damn she fine. To the window. TO THE WALL
🤡 I bring to you the $TSLA shorts 🤡
Morning Briefing 🌞 June 9th 2023
Tesla never disappoints
$CVNA FD Play | 10K in ATM Puts | 30 Contracts @ 3.40 each
TSLA - If you can't beat them join them
My stupidity knows no bounds
PayPal Thoughts
Is this bull market in the room with us right now…? 6-8-23 SPY/ ES Futures, QQQ and VIX Daily Market Analysis (TSLA Update)
AI taking over a Wendy’s near you.
ADBE Price Upgrade AI Earnings Potential 100% Gains
Eurozone slips into recession as revised data shows two quarters of falling output | CNN Business
Remember me? I bought NVDA 330C 6/16 about 65 days ago and was lambasted. Who’s the idiot now!?
Kroger the mogger earnings coming up
Am I Doing this right?
Cramer says AI is worth the hype -> YIKES!!!!!
Is Disney heading off a cliff
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 09, 2023
UPDATE: CVNA to the moon 🌚
Fed pauses, what’s the trade you’re thinking about?
2022 u/GlideOutside “margin: never again.” 2023 u/GlideOutside “another $304k of $TSLA on my tab pls”
ANOTHER $21,000 day 🥵
Did ChargePoint and Blink just lose the Beta vs VHS war to Tesla’s charging standard?
Worlds Most Expensive Drug - BMRN - June 30th
CNN: It’s official. We’re in a bull market.
Ape gets MEGA GUH'd during earnings
Apple Stock Buybacks (Quarterly). Looks like the announced AAPL buybacks are coming soon.
Bye-bye bear... New S&P 500 bull market has legs - BofA By Investing.com
Tesla 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Apple 🍎 Stock could run to $200 $APPL
Chart Industries (GTLS) and New EPA Natural Gas Plant Carbon Emissions Regulations = MONEY
average search history of a web user
My position now Vs my all time. Started the comeback with TSLA calls. Baby steps back…😅
my analysis says... PTON to the moon
Who will UPS buy vehicle AC hardware from?
Advanced Auto Parts $AAP
Netflix Password Crackdown Drives U.S. Sign-Ups To Highest Levels In At Least Four Years
US Treasury Increase their Balance
Up $60k on $TSLA. Tesla to the moon! I came to collect.
$431.99
$WOOD calls - Lumber shortage incoming
Are these really Short Squeezes or Buying Rallies?
GameStop fires CEO, names Ryan Cohen executive chairman
Ready for the Fed meeting next week
$4000 —> $130,000 in 3 weeks.
CVNA to the moon? 🌚
Big Move Coming - Up or Down- No One knows
RobinHood buckles under pressure
DOCU Earnings Moves
Apple Vision Pro VR/AR headset is the same price as Microsoft HoloLens 2
$AAPL to the moon
Serious Question. What's Wrong with Using RH?
Daily Discussion Thread for June 08, 2023
Jumped on the FOMO train and caught one station; +72.73% in one day
Volume tickers in play
New law threatens to demolish $85 million market for Airbnb
Messi’s move to MLS is a big deal for Apple $APPL
What is your worst purchase and how much did it cost?
Def NOT Doing This Right - AKA Making Money
Bank of America is taking tenants.. calls!!! Maybe puts?? 🤔🤔🤔
Intelligence Officials Say U.S. Has Retrieved Craft of Non-Human Origin which have been heavily reverse engineered
Market Recap - 6/8/23 -
who amogus will eat this shit burger?
Day trading options
The duality of WSB
Where is the SEC to regulate this now?
$BMBL agreed to pay $18M to shareholders to settle lawsuit over misleading during its SPO
ADBE Earnings play? Firefly Generative AI
Europe stocks mixed as global markets look for direction; euro zone enters recession
recession confirmed, calls on $MCD
$400 ——> $38,000 In 2 Weeks ($6k Transferred Out)
Flipped NVDA PUTS today and made $32K
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-18 23:55:51
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of June 17, 2023
When my family asks how my stocks are doing:
Any day now... It's going down like 1920s
When you try to join the Wendy's team, but your loss post is under 100k
Google Trends projects an all-time high in worldwide searches for 'bull market' this month. Everyone is bullish.
Stop buying large cap
The economy is fake: S&P500 and Fed QE Highly Correlated
unfortunate series of events
Is the stock market broken again?
Over 20% of S&P 500 companies mentioned AI on their earnings calls:
Hey remember me?
I aped into Peloton calls, your thoughts?
Number #1 Tip of trading Stocks & Options: DO NOT USE MARGIN!!!
I would never invest Reddit with its current leadership
It's so over
We should prove them wrong boys
Looking for YOLO advice
Bull market or fool's market? Investors say it's likely the latter
Only 7 Stocks Are Powering the S&P 500 (The Myth of the Diversified Portfolio):
U.S. National Debt Surpasses $32 Trillion for the First Time
Spirit shares after JetBlue merger
Warren Buffett Sub Lurk Confirmed - Wendy's Stock Leads Over McDonald's This Year
That escalated quickly.
NCAA panel recommends marijuana be dropped from banned substance list
CCL earnings and beyond.
$FGEN 2x-3x imminent
$AAPL
It's been fun boys
How is ADBE not fucked?
AUD/USD faces a tough resistance around 0.6915/40
TSLA gain going for 10x this can’t go wrong
ENPH basing for a move higher?
My life’s over, here’s my final advice
Crispin Odey, short-selling hedge funder that criticized & ridiculed retail investors, is finally out🚪
Even the big guy has turned his back on me.
Acronym for stocks in the A.I. Rally
Every CEO this quarter
Hey Everyone, I am a software developer and I made an app to query the stock market
$RIDE bankruptcy or short squeeze to the moon?
$AMD $28k YOLO. Su Bae take me to the promised land 🤝
One of us regards
Guess who had the last laugh
He must be part of Wall Street Bets
Intel Announces Major Brand Update Ahead of Upcoming Meteor Lake...
Lol
When you trade without Hedge & Risk Management in the Stock Market
Buying Credit Default Swaps on the Avocado Market from Deutsche Bank
Just days after pausing rate hikes, Fed officials call for more increases
6-19-23 Short Week Index Moves - EEs OnlyCrayons
276% profit on BUD puts, now up 220% on INTC calls
Held on to TSLA & SPY puts for far too long.
Next Week Earnings Releases by Implied Movement
Steve Jobs had the Vision Pro on the roadmap already in 2007
This happens every couple months, I’ll be fine.
Name a worse call Jim Cramer has made than selling Stark stock in 2008
China Money Printer to go BRRRRRRRR?
Battle of Q2 Real Gdp begins... St Louis Fed vs Atlanta Fed.
Automated technical analysis
We didn’t even get to fill those gaps today
This chart explains just about everything in this market
Is day trading gambling?
Playing AI earnings is a short term money glitch which cannot go tits up (or can it?)
The US economy is entering expansion, not recession, and investors fear they are missing out, Fundstrat's Tom Lee says
$ADBE screwed me big time 😭
It works until it doesn't
NVDA vs CISCO dot com
Most Anticipated Earnings & Economic Releases for the week of June 19th, 2023
For the love of Christ, hear me out on $OPEN.
Adobe $8k-$76k Gains
$600 —> $19k $SPCE 🚀🚀🚀
NDQ Stop Loss Executed 8% below market🤯 Order placed at 1:30 executed 1:35 on quiet day. Broker said the bid-offer spread widened by 9% WTF
Wish me luck🫡 All in $PYPL
Feds Aim To Finish Cannabis Scheduling Review ‘This Year,’ Top Biden Official Tells Marijuana Moment
Made a years' take home this month after discovering TSLA calls - take bets on how long it'll take to lose it all [All Time included]
NVDA bag holders
When in doubt, inverse Cramer it out
Technical Pattern Guide - 2023 Edition
A month ago I posted about being green on my account for the first time. Today I made margin. Thanks Meta.
This is what I get for shorting a failing company that is vaguely related to AI in 2023
Is this supposed to be reassuring? Jack Ma can disappear just as easily as your BABA shareholder rights
Love is the answer
Sorry Elon. $315 calls was just a little too safe. Back to SPY 😎 THE $450 2yr CUP SHALL FILL!!!!!
Going to YOLO SPY puts tomorrow at open because ...
Trust me bro, it's gonna be just like the 1920s
SPY Technical Analysis for Tuesday June 20, 2023 - SPY’s H1 Analysis: Market Shift Points to Bearish Bias
Fuck 🌈 🐻 !
Daily Discussion Thread for June 16, 2023
Options vs Futures
Fucked the fed and treasury rant!
Goldman Sachs under federal investigation over role in SVB collapse, reports
Shorting the entire country of South Africa 2 years update!
Concentrated Gains in a Few Stocks, Loss evenly distributed?
JPMorgan settles with Jeffrey Epstein victims for $290 million
Hakuna Matata
Look me in the eyes and tell me I’m wrong
$55k Humana Banana 2 week dte call’anas
$250k gain on $CVNA calls and it’s just getting started. Fireworks tomorrow 🌕
Clearly consequential NPS.
+1.1m: Electric Boogaloo
I still remember my first day here
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-19 18:30:15
I will not short reddit. I will not short reddit. I will not short reddit.
when you switch from trading to investing
Where dem taxes at?
Regards tomorrow at 9:30 AM wondering why their portfolio isn't going down
The S&P 500 earnings yield (medium risk), corporate bonds (low risk), and (3) treasury bills (no risk) are all offering the same yield, 5.3%
AMD $135 Call emptied my balance. I’ll take a caramel shake with a side of bleached fries.
Basically this sub since you regards discovered AI
The S&P 500 has entered a bull market, but will it last?
Puts on supply chain
Spotted a Rivian out in the wild today. Very Bullish.
Canadian housing market will crash
Virgin Galactic will start commercial spaceflight as soon as June 27th
Investors believe that it is more probable for the current market to be a fool’s market rather than a bull market
Binance, SEC reach agreement to keep US customer assets in country
BP Attributes a 12% Year-on-Year Reduction in Operating Expense to Palantir's Software Implementation Amid an Inflationary Environment🌟🚀
🏥 Health Tech On Rise: Palantir's Hospital Operations Raking 10% U.S. Revenue! 💰
Rate hikes are environmentally friendly
$UBS Deal of the Decade (DD)
CD projects (CDR) looks great fellas (whats your top gaming stocks?)
EUR/USD Forecast: Euro to meet strong support at 1.0900
PLTR and NHS Data Platforms
Grandmaster at Play: Checkmating the Crypto Market with Real-Time Analysis
Chamath Palihapitiya Sounds the Alarm: Warns of Potential Debt Crisis - But Who Should We Be Loading Puts On?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-20 09:58:35
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 20, 2023
Found the Christian Regard Who Lost $600,000k
WSB when a bear says literally anything
Apple to shift 18 per cent of global iPhone production to India by FY25: Report
AI could add $4.4 trillion to the global economy per year (per McKinsey)
Tell me why I shouldn’t buy leap calls on Target
Anyone else see signs of DEFLATION where they live?
Bullish on $TGT
12 Hours after the post about BABA
Someone's getting paid for those naked shorts.
$TGT's investor hate-wave is a nothing burger.
What Recession? The Wall St China Trap and your money
Commercial Real Estate Crash getting bigger in a month and time to surf the down fall
What companies/industries are likely to benefit/suffer from student loans restarting?
Unusual Synchronicity: Oil Short and Long Positions Both Rise in Response to OPEC+ Production Cuts
BABA - Does anyone have a counterargument against buying the stock?
LON: BT.A
For real, is anyone keeping tabs on 4Chan?
USD/JPY: Sustained gains likely above 142.25
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-21 18:30:33
Daily Discussion Thread for June 21, 2023
Oh Boy
Risk Management: "we run the whole thing with this game controller" while holding up what appears to be a modified $Logitech gamepad
Bears assemble!!! Head and shoulder pattern has appeared
Well somebody made a lot of money shorting the markets today
More Americans Are Getting Auto Loans That Exceed the Worth of Their Cars
Anyone else loading up on calls? I’m going to buy a Lamborghini aventador
Andy Bail-out reckons this will be the one bro
SPY ATH EOY
Some pills are tough to swallow
$TSLA permabulls be like
A look inside WSB
I saw this and thought of you regards.
Chairperson of Council of Economic Advisers: Inflation Reduction Act, (IRA), is really just the Investment Reduction Act 
How I felt after today’s trading day
Forgive me Su Bae
LUCID insiders selling at a loss.
The bears thought they had found the head and shoulders pattern but us bulls know it's the germany 1940 pattern
GRND: Gamble on the Gays
"The market can self-regulate!" Market: Submarine = 1 $LOGI controller, 2 bathtubs from $HD, duct tape from $MMM & 1 walkie-talkie from $DG
It’s happening 🧸
The first stock I ever bought on RH ($NVDA)
So you're saying there's a chance?
Bears be like
12.5K AUD profit - still holding RAAAAAAA🚀🚀🚀
The fall of Natural Gas throughout the last 20 years. Natural Gas has been getting cheaper as everything else is getting more expensive.
Wen your portfolio goes 1% up (Me and my homie be like)
Morning Briefing 🌞 June 21st 2023
Shorts Have Already Lost $120 Billion This Year
NVIDIA partner ASML: To the Moon
Two months in and almost back at where I started
Mission Accomplished
Why do Bears have more Conviction than Bulls?
Exclusive: EV maker Rivian to adopt Tesla's charging standard
LQDA 31k YOLO (up 14k so far)
The first two stocks I ever bought on RH ($NVDA & $AMD)
Common mistakes I already did and you can avoid
Time for YOLO NVDA Puts!!
NVO: The miracle weight loss drug
Volume moving tickers in play
Help
Capital One Financial Corp (COF): A Deep Dive into Potential Bearish Indicators
10k in $PYPL - see y'all in a year
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 21, 2023
SPCE it is time
Buying Tesla has paid off. What to do, what to do…..submitted again so you kids would know what my stock was. Sorry.
Advice from the Balloon Boy
FedEx earnings today - What do?
CVS Health is too cheap to ignore
Nvidia $NVDA vs. Tesla $TSLA vs. S&P 500 $SPY, 2023 performance YTD:
Am I regarded?
IM NOT LETTIN GO! ITS GONNA MAKE MY $100,000 ALL THE BETTER NEXT WEEK!
if only we had another India
Intel Invests Almost $40Billion Dollars Into New Facilities in Germany, Poland and Israel
Bought $NEWR puts PT 54.0
Vmware broadcom merger
Short $TSLA Position + Naked Short Calls + Covered Puts
EV Maker Rivian to adopt Tesla Charging Standard in Beginning 2024: After Announcement Tesla, Ford, GM & Rivian Stock Jump On Tuesday
Long term recurring yolo on housing market taking a dump $DRV
What’s going to cause a pullback in big tech aka the Magnificent 7?
Nvda will never fall
GO AND FTCH ME MONEY, BITCH.
I guess diversification does work. Throw enough shit at the wall eventually one will stick
Daily Discussion Thread for June 20, 2023
$PTON yolo update, I bought more. Steady lads 1)what 😳
Biden meets AI experts in an effort to mitigate risks of technology
Time in the market
Will it print or will I cray?
roku thesis for friend
$NKLA$
GEX/DEX Data for Trading
Scalping 9 markets simultaneously
Gannett sues Google over alleged monopolization of ad-tech markets
NZD/USD: Upside momentum loses some traction
How fucked am I lol?
Europe, US pressed to speed up legislation for AI
6-20-23 Volume tickers in play
35.6k DPST YOLO
USD/CHF: Aims to recapture 0.9000 as Fed Powell’s testimony hogs limelight
Wen you check your TTWO bag 👀
Is the Tech Bubble Finally Bursting? A Look at Today's Market
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-23 19:07:59
Daily Discussion Thread for June 23, 2023
The JPow Rises
This fight needs to happen. Elon has size and South African but Mark has training
Coffeezilla dragging us on his latest investigation
Ran some simulations on what the fight between Elon and Mark would look like. 
Who yall putting your bets on?
Definitely selling off my TSLA shares now
Calls on Virgin Galactic
Do we short Tesla at weigh in??
The world needs this
Siemens Energy stock collapses as its loss-making wind turbine unit needs €1 billion to fix faults in installed turbine components.
CNBC couldn’t find a better picture?
INTC $50k yolo 🚀
The stock market and bond markets are reflecting different investor sentiments about the future of the economy, Which do you think is right?
New TSLA Investors
Puts on LOGI
Yield curves around the world are inverting the most in decades. German 2-year yields are the highest versus 10-year rates since 1992.
Meet the biggest bag holders in the world: Saudia Arabia and MBS down 79%
Morning Briefing 🌞 June 23rd 2023
WTF is this expression?
FRC BACK FROM THE DEAD?
Wall street you some sick fucks $ATVI
Does this count?
19k CCL Earnings
Idk what’s worse, the loss or the fact I’m fully convinced I’ll have $80,000 by expiration 😎
Elon's Upcoming Beating Priced In
Another NVDA director sold $50M in company stock.
DeepMind's co-founder suggested testing an AI chatbot's ability to turn $100,000 into $1 million to measure human-like intelligence
3M Settles ‘Forever Chemicals’ Litigation for Up to $12.5 Billion
TSLA ranks 2nd to last on JD Power quality survey
At what point is it time to short Berkshire
The Fed Put is fer realz
COF Capital One Way Undervalued
6/23/23 Volume tickers in play
Welp. Pulling the last pennies of my savings out to start boomer investing for the rest of my life. Might as well get some karma.
Short PayPal
Inflation will keep going up for eternity
TSLA bot Optimus training for the META bot Zuckerberg fight
Meta is Free Money pt. 1024
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 23, 2023
Top Tech Stocks Market Cap Timeline (with Earnings Highlights)
Bank of England surprises with 50-basis-point rate hike to tackle persistent inflation
$381 NVDA Price Target: I Am Shorting.
Blank stare
Musk or Zuck? 🍖👊
Can’t make a single good trade Guh
Double bottom on AMC and 500k put writer? Next bull run coming? lets see if the flow is right.
$ASTS: My all in play -> Target: 50 end of year
Iron Condors: Week 2. FDX/TSLA + $2000
As USO sees its largest fund outflow, WTI crude oil nears $67/barrel on a downtrend
GRND: Hindu Mythology and my 25K YOLO
Cannabis LPs and MSOS community needs guidance.
Lamest Yolo UPdate week loss porn
Why has SPY VOL dried up so much?
What am I missing about Sixt Vz. ?
YOLO, Short on C3.AI
Short Bets on US Stocks Hit $1 Trillion
US Treasury Secretary Yellen Sees Lower US Recession Risk, Says Consumer Slowdown Needed
+$10k to -$23k in a flash. This time will be different.
Some humor to start your day. My Wendy’s resume 😉 Diamond hands 🙌🏻 💎
CCL Calls?
When the S&P 500 is up 10-15% by the end of June, it has ended the year higher 12 out of 12 times.
First week with options 📉
Daily Discussion Thread for June 22, 2023
AMC from AI
What hype will TESLA bandwagon for 2024?
Tesla downgraded by Morgan Stanley, could this be a time to buy puts?
Bears enjoy it while it last!
$15.7 Billion per month will be removed from the economy as student loan payments resume in October (taking away from discretionary spending
Can someone please explain the student debt sitch to me
1st YOLO post $RBLX
How Long Will the Bull Market's Music Keep Playing?
US sharemarket: Short bets on US stocks hit $1.5 trn, most since April 2022
YOLO: $65k on $LYFT July 10.5 Calls
Bro Stocks always go up it’s just all one huge money suck!
Putting in the DD - WSB x GRND
$HAS to get some A$$
I would like to submit the phrase Cocaine Bear Market for consideration
Now its is time for the swedish saga! (SBB)
So NVDA…
Average r/WallStreetBets user
TSLA: Christianity and Bearish Outlook
POV: you bought puts at the top last week.
WSB Hater of the Year Award Ceremony
Even regards need to eat. Show me them puts!
1 day spy yolo
Welp
Sarepta Muscular Dystrophy Gene Therapy FDA Decision Today Afterhours
Tesla bulls to their brokers after Thursday
Lab-grown meat is cleared for sale in the United States
Defense Stock Portfolios
Roku up or down??
With all this talk about generative AI......what company will capitalize on bringing AI into the porn game!?
6=22=23 Volume moving tickers
Ex-Goldman Banker Convicted of Passing Insider Tips to Squash Pal-Turned-Informant
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-25 18:34:22
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of June 24, 2023
found my new side hustle
Here we go again! (Socialist economists like Krugman don’t understand the power of innovation and expanding consumer choices)
How everyone who locked in < 3% interest rates on their homes are feeling rn looking at the housing market
Elon Musk Says It Would ‘not Be Legal For Me To Speculate About A Starlink IPO’—but It’ll Make The World’s Richest Man Even Richer
Am I a Real Trader Yet?
My never-to-be lambo is gonna be so lit 🔥
Russia turmoil to fuel market volatility, flight to safety
Follow your heart
LOST 11k in four days and blew my account.
Choose Your Fighter 🚨
Patient bears, the time is coming
Russian Roulette
Poots on russia?
How to tank the world economy in 3 easy steps 🐻🐻🐻
This qualifies as wallstreetbets, right?
Shorting TQQQ using options
YOLO BOLO AMD POOTS
Jensen Huang finally sold some NVDA stock.
SPY Technical Analysis for Monday June 26, 2023 A Closer Look at SPY's Bearish Short-Term Trend: Key Levels and Potential Reversal Zones
Can’t go tits up
Here is to all my fellow degenerates, who also bought calls Friday, before waking up to a Russian civil war.. GUH
That was fast. Indian PM gets wish granted in record time. 🇮🇳📈 Amazon commits 15B to Indian development.
Investors are gripped by fears of a recession, leading to a decline in global markets
So we didn't only bailout banks we bailed out large hedge funds as well.
Seabreeze Capital - Going long cannabis - MSOS, Trulieve, Greenthumb on re-schedule + banking reform by yr end
Puts on Nikola
Grinding Back to Even
Come on now - who did this?
Tesla Gains this month
Assigned Put I sold as part of a Put Credit Spread that expires 7/21/23 $AVTR
Latecomers to 40% Tech Stock Rally Arrive in Time to See It Fade
Short C3.AI YOLO, 2nd day
Temu has been caught by congress using slave labor and a shipping loop-hole, PDD the owner is probably gonna crash hard this week
Long $ROPE if this doesn’t bounce
40K $CVNA Put Play | Expiration 07/07 | 20.00 Strike | 330 Contracts
NDAQ 34@49.40 bet. St. Patrick told me it goes up 75%.
I'm going long on $ENVX
A Short Thesis Against $TFIN: Questionable Valuation and Industry Risks
KMX daily business trend insight
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-30 15:19:41
Daily Discussion Thread for June 30, 2023
The Future of investment expertise
I’m sick of these lame ass loss porns…. THIS IS WHAT REAL LOSS PORN LOOKS LIKE! (Don’t worry I was +45% green today)
JPMorgan Chase is fined by SEC after "mistakenly" deleting 47 million emails
AMC Shareholder’s Meeting
Apple has once again become the world's biggest company, with a staggering valuation of $3 trillion - ProfessPost
Prime wsb real estate
Sriracha shortage sees sauce prices spike to over $70 a bottle
My therapist tells me to join this sub. Why?
Interview with a WSB Member
The next great short CAVA
NKE Earnings are Today and this is how you'll make money on it.
How fucked am I?
Saw this last night at the Oakland A’s Coliseum during the perfect game. Felt that this also would be right at home here.
This is seriously hurting my self-esteem
Goodbye Overstock.com. Hello Bedbathandbeyond.com
Virgin Galactic Completes First Commercial Spaceflight
Jpow stroking the markets once a month. Up & down
WSB Dad supports his son
Money. Printer. Go. BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
After years of practice in the stock market, I’ve decided to apply my “wisdom” and “invest” in other channels. WCGW?
$50,000 RIVN YOLO. These ghey bers don’t know who they fuckin with
Musk vs Zuckerberg. The fight of the Century !!!
Big US banks would lose $541bn in doomsday scenario, predicts Fed
I didnt hear no bell ( randy marsh voice )
Core PCE is up .3 % which means the only Question now is how high will Powell raise rates at the next FOMC meeting
Danaos (DAC)- The Richest Company on Earth
Find the one you can’t live without
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 30, 2023
Tesla sales explode in Australia - with the marque close to running out of stock and it taking a major sales crown from Toyota
I know we like to joke about Cramer, but as we can see from SJIM’s chart, it’s also not wise to inverse everything he says
Guys What Happened with SPCE today? Today the launch went successful but the moment it started to come down it dropped 10%.
Even Wendy’s wont accept me, welp!
My life is over. What have I done
Compliance chief at Chinese fintech stole girlfriend’s insider info to trade VMware, tech stocks
Bank of America nurses $100bn paper loss after big bet in bond market
Zillow Doesn't Know Shit About Real Estate - Insider Selling Looks Like A Bloodbath
F NVDA, F RH , F market maker, FML
Ride or die stock out side the s&p 500?
Siemens Energy's shares plummet over 37% due to increasing worries about wind turbine performance - ProfessPost
Home prices in the US declined for the first time in 11 years:
Nikola Corp Says Received Notice From Nasdaq Informing Co That It Has Regained Compliance With Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(A)(1)
Someone Get This Guy the Nobel Prize in Economics
How does WSB like NVO (Novo Nordisk, makers of Ozempic)?
Daily Discussion Thread for June 29, 2023
IonQ Partners with South Korea’s Ministry of Science and ICT to Boost Regional Quantum Computing Ecosystem and Cultivate Quantum Talent
Thank you to USAA Insurance for sponsoring these trades with my insurance money. My car will never drive again....
The infinite wisdom of AutoModerator has been bestowed on us.
Space companies
Woke up to this…
WSB initiation, loss porn
HES ALIVE!! CVNA 🌕 $30+ this week
Six questions facing US stock investors as 2023's second half nears.
Life is falling apart
Are we in a bubble ? Are you a bull or bear?
BA $17,000 GAIN✈️
Updated TimeLine for Microsoft Activison Deal
Teamsters: Nationwide UPS Strike is Imminent
AbCellera (ABCL): The AI-Powered Drug Discovery Gem You've Been Snoozing On - An Easy 2x Play - DD
Tesla float getting close to 0
Bulls is purple true?
Nvidia right now is moderna during covid.
Ukrainian Debt is now one of the hottest emerging market investments, with returns of over 30% in the second quarter:
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 29, 2023
Federal Reserve says 23 biggest banks weathered severe recession scenario in stress test
Virgin galactic first commercial space flight tomorrow
Odds released for Battle of the Billionaires cage fight: Who you got?
Its time to short semis
Sold my tech holdings
Nissan reportedly spied on former COO As CEO searched for leverage
It'll be fine, most likely, right?
ATVI hearing / insurance play
Powell Calls for Stronger Bank Regulation and Supervision
I'm going to make millions using the Steam Summer Sale.
COIN Gainz Update ~$40k. Sold remaining calls
1 week Options be like…
Micron Delivers Strong Forecast in Sign That Chip Glut Is Easing
Thoughts on this stocks situation
Time to secure profits and sell everything or hodl tight? Yes, my losses are laughable, I have hard time letting go. Still learning. +~198k
YTD Performance of the S&P 500 & NASDAQ vs. the Magnificent 7 (Apple $AAPL, Microsoft $MSFT, Google $GOOGL, Amazon $AMZN, Nvidia $NVDA, Tesl
Nvidia is going to $320
Americans need $1.3 Million to retire comfortably and most don't have enough saved. The average savings is $90,000:
Most want a Lambo, but Ferrari is more my taste.
Rtx guy again
Potential Trading Opportunity on Microsoft Activision Deal
$ROOT - Take Over Bid $$
US launches 7 bln solar program.
CCL earnings 10k loss then 14k gain. Market manipulation
Looking into a company's revenue vs its cash flow be like:
Short AI 2nd attempt
Daily Discussion Thread for June 28, 2023
What awaits at the end of the retail business cycle
Are you a highly regarded trader looking for a job to be a millionaire?
Anyone know why NVDA is down 3% AH? Is it because i bought 5k 30/6 420C thinking it’d keep going up? FML , life is so unfair
AMC in court
Long $ROPE again
VIX is for kicks
Back in rtx yolo again bigger all movey
Persistence is the key
Nvidia Drops on Report US Plans More AI Chip Curbs for China
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-30 17:17:47
Supreme Court strikes down student loan forgiveness plan
I can only lose 100% though
$40k SPY gain overnight MERICA
$400 million worth of Virgin Galactic (SPCE) stock to be sold in new offering by the company. DILUTION INCOMING!
Student loan forgiveness failed, we'll get 'em next time
I don't have much, but in goes the life savings. Wish me and IONQ good luck
This is how you play earnings season fellas. NKE Iron Condors FTW!
Nvidia stock has exploded after COVID 19. Intel investors have been dumped on.
WILL SPX CRACK 4450 TODAY?
June Update
MDT coming out of supply zone, target 115 eoy
Guys, hold tight
$HAS Hasbro goin ape shit $70c 01/24
$LILM Yolo, 54.8K Shares @ 1.61 Cost Basis
Is Tilray TLRY coiling up in major consolidation ready to pop?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-04 15:38:47
Group Barbeque Thread for July 4th, 2023
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 3rd, 2023
Anybody feel this pain?
Finally, somebody gets me
Name a company like this, I’ll go first, BBBY.
The only reason I will never touch TSMC
After bagholding $TSLA for almost two years, finally out of the red.
Me waiting for $RIVN to kill Tesla like the people on the internet told me
Have to love the consistency. Blackrock FTW!
Flashback 2010: Jim Cramer advises not to buy Tesla during it's IPO when the price was $1.13 (split adjusted)
I gambled on the gays and the gays lost (GRND)
Mother Fucking Aliens Have Arrived And They Are Investing In The Stock Market - Recession Canceled
Someone help.
The Bull Market is Just Starting
Billionaire investor Barry Sternlicht believes that a substantial drop in inflation is imminent, as evidenced by the decline in rents
When you just got paid but the market is closed
The world’s 500 richest people added $852bn to their fortunes in the first half of 2023.
Longing Zimbabwe's stock market
Venture capital funds cool on plant-based meat start-ups
Puts in the colonizers! Britain is now the only major economy where inflation is still rising.
Looks like the scheduled apocalypse will be postponed
RIVN $129K
Yummerz
Continued Claims - A recession indicator with a 100% perfect track record, has crossed the rubicon
tesla deliveries 👀
Apple forced to make major cuts to Vision Pro headset production plans
FT BREAKING: China hits back with export curbs on chip making materials
options level 4 granted
209 you say? sure, why not
Why AAPL TSLA MSFT FB NVDA will go Even higher
Quintuple top on RBLX?
When she finds out you have Tesla calls 🥵
How would alien disclosure benefit or hurt certain industries in the stock market?
AMD AI chips could match Nvidia offerings, software firm says
CCL +15K
Thoughts on $DPST
Mom, dad: I'm a Bear
☠️🩸AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: AZN) Phase 3 Drug for Lung Cancer Killed People. Here is why the Stock WILL Bleed to Death This Week 🩸☠️.
A simple strategy I created
Tesla Bears right now after that blowout delivery report
BABA chart giving me that middle finger
Weed stocks are oversold. Small YOLO
Im going to buy BABA
AI'Merica: No Recession Fears
Most investors believe we are in a new bull market and there will be no recession in 2023
Yolo rtx puts
Tesla to 350
Will Warren Buffet's death affect Berkshire Hathaway?
Semiconductor market: Q1 2023 sees decline of 9% YOY, MPU 65% YOY. NVDA/AI driving demand - monopoly advantage or the higher they rise...?
Daily Discussion Thread for July 03, 2023
Japan launches Prime 150 stocks benchmark to help investors identify value
Controlthenarrative when he sees the Dumb Money trailer
“US Factory Sector Continues Contraction for Eighth Straight Month, Raising Concerns of Impending Recession
PIMCO prepares for a "rough landing" of the global economy
Canadians, how do you invest in Canada?
Would be very shocked for Nvidia to keep going up with over 200P/E. My personal thoughts is a pull back to 400 to retest then possibly 375.
🚀 Tesla to the Moon 🚀: A Hilarious Due Diligence on Why It's Going to Hit $600 per Share by Year-End!
TSLA: Breakout
Nokia renews patent license agreement with Apple, covering 5G and other technologies
when you forget to pay back marge
Best US stocks of 2023 so far: Nvidia leads big tech renaissance
tesla will continue to be the dominant ev leader, here’s why
Oil Price Analysis: Speculators, OPEC+, and Future Uncertainty
$51k TROW YOLO Update- July 2023
7 Year Streak of SPY Closing Higher in July Versus June
Cellphone Activity is substantially down in several major US cities - will this affect carriers?
I Gotta Redo this frame by frame with F^CK Man now...
Tale of the epic comeback…. Started with oil, ended with oil….
Follow Up on the Bankrupts
Is Nvidia Overvalued? AVGO Boasts 62% Higher Net Income than NVDA, Yet with a 65% Lower Market Cap?
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 03, 2023
It's the summer of love, baby !
has wayfair's share price gone way too crazy? Puts awaiting
EUR/USD: Uncertain Technical Outlook Ahead of US Jobs-Focused Week
Sunday Night Movie Time with WSB: Office Space (8:30pm EST)
SPY TA Week of July 3rd
When it dips to 400, buy calls
How spread ask can be more than the spread's value?
NVDA stock price and news about NVDA. Main action after 22 may
Bond fund giant Pimco prepares for ‘harder landing’ for global economy
NVDA and Charles Schwab
Spce doomed to fail
Death Knell for $PYPL
I recommend taking a look at (VRT) - Vertiv
Apple new headset
Fear and Greed Index
DAL - Everything you need to know about Delta Airlines new guidance and insight into the continued bull run
Man it was a long road back!
Why was the marked closed early today
We’re sorry
WE ARE GAP FILLING TO SPY $460+ VERY SOON!! I WILL FINALLY HAVE 6 FIGS!!! DEATH TO BEARS!!
Why AAPL TSLA will keep climbing 🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦
Bear Porn
Brace Yourselves: The S&P 500 Is About to Experience a Crushing Blow Comparable to the 1929 Crash
Walmart insiders offloading billions in $WMT stock - Should we be worried?
US Risks a Rerun of the 1920s: From trade agreements to tax treaties, growing economic isolationism echoes a historical precedent.
FAA Issues G-1 for Lilium Jet, making Lilium($LILM) the only eVTOL manufacturer with EASA and FAA certification basis for a po
Apple is now as valuable as Tesla, Berkshire Hathaway, Meta and Netflix - combined after hitting $3 trillion market value
I thought it was gain porn.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-05 17:02:28
Daily Discussion Thread for July 05, 2023
The lengths I go to remain bullish on my portfolio…
Actually most economists do not understand the real meaning of Money.
june fed minutes coming out today
What keeps you at night
Meta goes all in on 'Twitter killer' app Threads
Mortgage catastrophe brews in Britain as millions are pushed toward insolvency
If all your accounts look like this, it's a sell signal
$TSLL CALLS
God bless America. Reminder to take your profits.
How the fuck can you be a bear
Just asked Morpheus. RIVN is *the one*
Last summer I bought a bunch of stock in CDPR(the publisher of the Witcher and Cyberpunk 2077), today, I briefly became cyberpunk'd
Real estate top is in
Life, liberty and the pursuit of 0DTE
Bears after the last 7 months
Good panic stocks in case the Russians blow up Zaporizhzhia later?
China's Xpeng sees sales turnaround in second half with new EV mode
Forget QE or Rate Cuts Bloomberg just said Buy Puts
Callon Petroleum Buyback (CPE)
Wash sell
Biogen undervalued
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 05, 2023
The Inflation Nightmare Continues: Prices Soar Despite Economic Recovery
$BABA Future in Wallstreet?
Using US Gov money to get free money from Uncle Sam
The S&P 500 could hit a new record high thanks to tech and bank stocks, BMO investing chief says - SP500 NEW ATH soon
Cookie Debt and Lemonade Stands: Explaining Financial Risk for Kids
Smile Direct Club go boom soon
$PENN under valued
Quantitative Easing Unlikely as Cyclical Stocks Brace for Impact
30 Reasons Why Markets Fall From Here
What the export restrictions of chinese metals represents to semiconductor business
Warner Bros Discovery - licencing to Netflix
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-07 18:30:44
Daily Discussion Thread for July 07, 2023
tAkE mY MoNeY eLoN
Threads is the future bruh.😂
Perfect time to repost this as we are possibly heading for a major correction.
Jim Cramer: "Whatever Twitter can do, Zuck can do better".
House prices in Britain are falling due to high mortgage rates, and the situation could worsen - ProfessPost
Sometimes, you don’t even have to read the headline.
Twitter is threatening to sue Meta over Threads
Tesla starts to lay off some workers at China factory - Bloomberg News
Employment will peak in November
There’s a new EV Belle of the Ball
Elon visiting threads app for the first time like…
Mm Yes Rivian Daddy
Threads Becomes Most Rapidly Downloaded App, Raising Twitter’s Ire —— $META
I locked myself in a box spread and levered myself at 3.33x on SPY/QQQ
The name of the company: Tesla Inc.
A new challenger arrives
On a nice run. $105k realized profit in 3 months. Bullish on PTON and RUN next if anybody wants to hit the casino with me
crushing your hopes and dreams
Tesla gives new owners in the UK a grabbing stick after forcing them to get left-hand-drive
3 years of straight regardation
FDA grants full approval for Biogen Alzheimer’s drug that slows cognitive decline
I’m not naming any $META names, but I think I know how this ends
Disney is fukt
Tesla cybertruck spotted at Stanford near Tesla HQ. All in puts 😭
Inflation of stock prices
Puts on ups?? Calls on fedex??
$TROW YOLO with August Expiration
More UVIX puts
$NKLA is a dogshit company, but this stock may rip higher next week.
Hindsight is 20/20
Combine losses with my noob account are about 40k… ask me next time if you wanna inverse me. Diamond hand, 0dte apparently is not the way…
Elon says Tesla Self-Driving Cars Will Arrive ‘This Year'
Thoughts on VDC & Other Stocks
Don’t you think it is time to burst the tech bubble
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 07, 2023
Why $SAVE has a MONSTER setup for a 50x potential return.
It might be 'idiocy' to buy ahead of earnings season, says Jim Cramer
VOLD question
all-in on barbie stock, Mattel DD ($MAT)
every earnings call
Bond market
Zuck did it again
send me location
RIVN YOLO Price Point $40
So long gay boys
God Bless America ✌️✌️✌️
Zuck did it again; chose a trademarked name with an existing product & website! Calls on whoever owns threads.com!
Take profits, and don’t be gay.
Boutta be sipping some primo tea after this cup and handle ☕️
Reviewing WSB charts
After Meta and Threads, Zuck's next inspiring product name leaked:
Anyone bullish on $MAT
AMC Regard in 2023
$SYNA Synaptics an edge-AI play. Hardware AI Company before its time?
Daily Discussion Thread for July 06, 2023
The prophecy was foretold
Barbie movie will print and push $MAT?
Upcoming Earnings Strategy EVs and Airlines
$NVDA puts- All in
Black out only, Go!
We talking TSLA gains? +1,062%
UVIX puts
Get on the $SAVA and $BIIB train
[AMA from a RIVN millionaire] - Got into RIVN at $0.035 and now it’s almost at $25
You are fucked.
Bull Indicators from Cocaine Found in White House?
TeSLA iS OverValued!
Old skewl 1337 TSLA gain porn (+NVDA bonus)
Since everyone is posting their $TSLA gains…
Earnings Play Zebra Technologies
Luckily grabbed Tesla at its bottom
Henny thing is possible when you’re regarded enough $TSLA🚀
Zuck’s fork in the road
This research paper from Kansas City Fed is causing the huge sell-off in Treasury bonds.
We’re in the true dawn of EV
Lumen: Anything Left?
MSCI Inc trade idea.
$META earnings📈📈
Elon is getting ZUCKED RAW, META 8k YOLO
Rivian kissed the 200 DMA yesterday and closed at some old resistance. If it closes above these lines today, looks like it's gonna climb.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 06, 2023
Which Alien Stocks are going to the Moon? $UFO
$TSLA earnings📈📈
ABST volume?
Buying the index with exceptions
Started trading spreads, and options in general a month ago, I think I’m off to a pretty great start.
Zuck pulling some good numbers with THREADS
100k of call options on some potato chip factory and a reverse viagra company. Degenerate plays are #poweredbypltr gains
I opened a short position on UL (Unilever). Here is why.
Straddle strategy
NNDM - Is ChatGPT trying to 3D Print itself a body?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-07 18:31:01
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-08 18:30:11
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of July 08, 2023
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 10th, 2023
How I imagine the average WSB user
I flatline on weekend
Its not an addiction its a hobby
This is financial advice
All day every day 🚀
WSB OG and some new degenerates
Buying condors changed my life 🚀🌑
One month of all-in YOLOing a $500 deposit into SPX 0DTEs.
Netflix's Password-sharing Crackdown Is Going So Well That One Wall Street Bear Just Upgraded The Stock
All GUH trades
All in Tripled Down
CNBC's Cramer speaks highly of Meta's new Threads platform. He says "It's cooking!" Is a strong sell indicator for Meta?
What are you, some kinda money allergic pleb? YOLO, RIVN Calls
Will I get my $1000 back?
Rivian Stock sustains the Gains, what does this do to Amazon?
What OS drives Rivian?
SPY Bull Credit Spreads and Mercury Retrograde
Listen to Dr. Copper.
INVERSE BULL STRATEGY = 132K
The Most Memeable Stock Ever - $SPHR (MSG Sphere)
We all know what this means...
Fed’s Goolsbee sees ‘golden path’ to lower inflation without a recession
Exploring the potential of Rivian $RIVN
Next industry going to the moon?
If you knew the future?
Major U.S. Retailers Are Closing More Than 6,000 Stores | Investing.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-09 18:30:22
Your wife and her 4 boyfriends say: “ok then, show us how to successfully trade”
Wsb lunch spesial
Smooth brained moves
Jim Cramer predicts an ‘economic wave’ will soon hit the US — and it will be ‘fantastic for investors.’ 🫡
SPYRIM
The weekends are bittersweet
Now Why Would They Do That?
Rivian trying to come back from the grave
How the heck does a boomer stock Sirius Radio make so much money?
Lend me your opinion my fellow regards
Bullet proof concept on how to make infinite money
Forbes World’s Billionaires List 2023: The 200 richest people in the world revealed
The Streisand effect is helping Threads take off
Improve your option plays with a quick statistics lesson
The Metals Company ($TMC) -
The Nasdaq-100 Index Special Rebalance to be Effective July 24, 2023
Two days before it bottomed: Rivian Stock Is Reaching New Lows. Sell It Anyway, Say Analysts
Thoughts on PayPal
Opportunity
USA Cannabis Sector about to light up: $MO (Altria) + $ CURLF (Curaleaf) + $CRON (Cronos) 3-Way Merger 🌿🔥 😎
$ATVI / $MSFT hearing outcome predictions?
PUTS on UL? (Ben & Jerry)
Option leaps vs shares
RTX – we love big weapons and FCF
QuantumScape opportunity ripening
UL
Puts on banks realeastate.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-10 11:15:17
Daily Discussion Thread for July 10, 2023
WSB regards when they make $10 in profit after losing thousands
This is where all the gains go then.
Trading Meta calls.
Calls on micro-p surgery industry!
How can I profit from this?
Buying the dip
Give me that sweet sweet Zuck 😳😩💦
So long, gay boys
RIVN ghey bers still don’t know who they fuckin’ with
👁️
Oh yes Daddy Rivian
Is trading mostly luck or skill?
Auto-finance delinquencies rise past Great Recession peak - what's the best way to profit off this tragedy? without being a bad boy Repo man
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 10, 2023
Regards: are 0DTE options the way?
GUH…I’m not very good at this investing thing. Anyone know an advisor?
India's Jio set to sign $1.7 billion deal with Nokia for 5G equipment
Forbes World’s Billionaires List 2023: The Top 200
BB Will it move?
ESTechnicalAnalysis – Chart updated for today’s sessions
It's not over yet bulls. Bears are using "Aggressive Bear steepener" with "Higher Term premia". What does it mean though? 🤣
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-10 20:28:46
life after rivian bois.
I gave you $SAVE. My next play is $PENN, and my hedge is $GOOGL.
I bring you love
No seriously, what in the world is going on here?
Remember when I got Margin Called on CVNA? Well…
WSB Regards With Their Life Savings
July 10 - Long term CVNA holdings
We all know how priceless motivation can be - do your kids a favor and give them more of it
Citi downgrades US stocks sees SP 500 back to 4k, time to buy calls instead and go for 5k?
Are we permabulling Rivian?
$MSOS $TLRY $CURLF "Germany Unveils Draft Bill To Legalize Cannabis" - Forbes
Tesla is going to 100$ before November
YOLO RIVN/META Calls go home bears
Why I believe in Rivian (RIVN)
CARVANA dichotomy
It ain’t much but I’ll keep buying
Biweekly Anonymous SPCE-bagholder meeting
TMC
TMC from a Geologist
TROW YOLO August calls
Silicon Valley Bank
Join the Roblox Revolution! A Bullish Trend Beckons with Favorable RSI and MACD signals
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-13 10:53:20
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 13, 2023
Twitter and Elon Musk face $736 million lawsuit for allegedly refusing severance for fired employees
META $235C $39k --> $2.6M. Next up, PYPL!!
Bears are officially dead
AI! This changes everything! NASDAQ 30,000.
I am a high school science teacher. $10,000 call on Crocs. Am I eukaryote or prokaryote?
Breaking: Sniveling Scammer Takes Ball, Goes Home
This sub has become a cesspool of filth and lunacy
CPI for all items rises 0.2% in June RIP Bears
#CVNA Bears who?
Almost doubled my investment on Rivian stock
Elon Musk launches his new company, xAI
CVNA Carvana GAINS 4000%+ and going
Your daily dose of Schadenfreude - $25k loss in SPY puts
$HOOD 200k Yolo
When brrr? +98% down 🤡 😭
Disney gives CEO Bob Iger two extra years to find another successor
Another bear down
Shoulda gone long tomatoes. I learned nothing from the great soybean squeeze.
Global public debt hits record $92 trillion, UN report says
66k $RIVN YOLO
How long until I give it all back?
‘YOLO’ spenders are propping up the economy —but they’re about to run out of cash
Update on 10k in PYPL
Too Real
You’re missing the rally on MVST
$HOOD $16k 7/21 YOLO
Is anyone buying bonds? 🤣
Paypal is extremely undervalued
Gentlemen, I regret to inform you, that it may be Quantumscape time again
15k Intel Calls Yolo
Daily Discussion Thread for July 12, 2023
NVDA 430C
Elon Musk investigated by Tesla over secret glass house project: reports
Yolo hood 12c 12/18 400 contracts & MSFT 377.5c 12/14
$HOOD YOLO
$215K trading CPI print
Keep your eyes on Paypal
If gold goes into a super cycle dude practically robbed the bank.
FTC to appeal judge's decision denying injunction against MSFT-ATVI merger
Did we enter recession in 2022 or not?
An interview with a bear
Team Elon or Mark
Why Slower Inflation Won't Prompt the Fed to Lower Rates
VZ YOLO
RKLB
Been watching this chart for years. Bullish indicator confirmed. Tomorrow we moon.
Domino's partners with Uber for food orders; shares rise
Rtx puts pattern play yolo update
Win Win Trading Technique
ELIR why tanking economy equates to bull market
Remember that myth if you get hit in the back of the head hard enough you go cross-eyed? Welp. Get your helmets on $METArds listen up!
$27k in SPY puts expiring tmrw
GOLD: Breakout
Long $BLK ahead of earnings
Helikon and Brontë shorting firms
It's Prime day again; They tricked me into buying more items than I ever have in the past. Should I be buying long-dated calls on AMZN?
Fellow degenerates I need your help!!!
$CVNA Due Diligence | Position Inside | Thoughts on Short Term Pricing | Data Points
Heres an options trade for you - BNS - if you think financials will rally
Can someone explain why I’m losing money
The Nasdaq-100 plans special rebalance of ‘magnificent 7’ to address overconcentration.
First was $SAVE, then $PENN. for my final act, I give you $RKLB
WSB when someone posts a winning trade
Bears aren't dead. 2H 2023 and 2024 is gonna be fun for bears
Vuzix Receives OEM Order from Client Enabling Imaging Technology Solutions for Government, Defense and Commercial Markets
There is absolutely no possible way $ABNB isn’t being manipulated right now
Strathmore Plus Uranium's Potential (TSXV: SUU) (OTC: SUUFF)
$SWK Stanley Black & Decker: DD For An Out-Of-Favor Recovery Bet
Isn't PCE the figure that's most important when addressing inflation?
u/smartkuz YOLOs are fake. He’s pumping low liquidity options with the help of bots and exiting after a small move. These are actual YOLOs:
Saudi Public Investment Fund reports $16 billion in 2022 losses as LIV Golf merger moves forward
$45k TSLA YOLO
How I feel as a banker
Literally everyday
$15,000 $COIN PUTS YOLO
AI hype is not Dead! Palantir is about leave you all behind $18 EOW confirmed 🚀
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 12, 2023
Tesla Energy truck is a Chevrolet 2500 HD diesel burner…Puts on $TSLA?
Judge rules Microsoft's acquisition of Activision can go forward
Diamond in the Rough- $USB making a comeback 💎
Nasdaq is making a big change to its most popular index. Here’s how it might impact your portfolio.
Inflation outlook for H2 2023
Jim is that your “lucky” head?
[OC] Sentiment on "Inflation" VS EURUSD. The yellow Inflation line is based on text analysis of 3,062,342 financial news articles.
CVNA $40 this week 🌕🚀
UPST UpStart Making that F U money every day. Lets go! One day closer to telling my boss to go fuck himself
Robinhood introduces shortcuts to desktop
The chart is trying to tell me
All in on RIVN
Find me behind a Costco dumpster slurping down glizzies.
Meta thrilled as Threads just obliterates ChatGPT's record in five days
20k Balls deep on $HOOD, price target: MOON.
‘Success fees’ and thirsty emails: inside a $90mn Twitter payout
Microsoft winning case to acquire Activision
Nothing feels better than making 5k in the morning and DoorDash at noon (in rich zip codes for extra tips)
$SSTK Shutterstock - OpenAI ChatGBT partnership - Images, Photos, & Videos
Redfin FINALLY making a comeback!!
Never forget when they said "First bank Republic is a strong buy and price target $150"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-15 16:32:44
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of July 15, 2023
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 17th, 2023
In honor of the First CyberTruck Built at GigaTexas - The Origin Story
Saw this and thought of you Nvidia bros, assume this was the DD? Wen beach party? 
Everything is going swimmingly in anticipation of the IPO
A Rivian owner was in a fender bender. The repair bill was $42,000.
Aww did someone try to unionize?
Quit my job and converted my 401k to self directed brokerage. Loss porn, happy Friday y’all!
It’s on solid foundation, don’t worry
After 3 years, I’ve finally made a profit.
Volkswagen CEO Schaefer tells managers 'the roof is on fire'
Market sentiment.
Bears watching Nvidia break a new 52 high every day.
my new options strategy
Apparently “Stonks go up” is a concept too difficult for some to understand
Bulls help blind bears. Verb, not adjective
Where’s my profit!
History will repeat itself, NVDA will correct
Never got it right ..
Teamsters walked away from negotiations $UPS
Indicators are useful and I will die on this hill.
NVDA PUTS 0DTE
The secret weapon
UFO disclosure is coming, who are you betting on?
SpaceX Is Now Worth More Than Boeing and Raytheon
Played both sides of Nvidia today 😎
NVDA 200+ PE ratio. Thoughts?
Last thing I sent my Ex-GF before being blocked.
$CVNA 0DTE 25K Loss
NVDA play it both ways
All in $PYPL Update #1
Give me investment advice based on this unknown chart. Will reveal what it is after
The Next Short Squeeze, the Next Tesla
You know this is gonna happen....
+$2.75m day, just hit my $10m goal
Years later, still thinking about how I 🦆ed up
A Current NVDA Stock Option Perspective.
Will Nel ASA take off 18.07.2023 - Ticker D7G
Top confirmed
Your thoughts on TSLA upcoming earnings?
Keeping it simple
how bears look rn
0DTE SPX PUTS | 17K Gains
2011 Nasdaq rebalance screen shot.
Daily Discussion Thread for July 14, 2023
FCK NVDA! I bought puts!
Rtx calls this time
I sold 92 dollar coin calls that expire tomorrow at a 500 dollar loss. Then it launched.
I love Nvidia
Down $37k All-Time, looking for a spark!
$CVNA 0DTE YOLO, 27K Play @ 40.00 C
AMD: Breakout
Investments while at war in my 30s
Is NKLA legit?
Can someone ELI5 me how a company with 28B revenue is worth 1.2T and reach ATH every week?
Someone check on USD he's struggling real hard
Nikola Resurrection Only Tip Of Bosch Green Hydrogen Scheme
BLK options on fridays?
500k+ PYPL YOLO. Can we repeat last year's rally?
How does my bearish take on Carvana make you feel? #proudbagholder
Is it possible to make more than the price movement of an underlying asset without relying on leverage from my broker?
NFLX printer goes Brrrrrr
It's the Media and Entertainment industry being impacted most by AI? 🤔
Boomer Loss Porn GUH
Heres a multi bagger - Financials
The $60/Share Bull Case for DAL
Thanks for shorting on the way up NVDA bears your liquidity is appreciated, Best Regards 😘
Been a good year
Real interest rates went from -8% to 2.28%. If rates are like gravity to stocks (F = - mg) so why are stocks moving at velocity = √2GM/r.🤣
SARK YOLO
Bull Market Confirmed
I have a blown up taxable account with $1.85 left. What 0dte can I buy tomorrow to turn it around?
Wtf are 🐻 smoking?
Am I buying calls correctly?
Goog is highly undervalued.
Attention all 🌈🐻
Good week, Bad year. Can I pull myself out?
Jumping on the NVDA TRAIN. Holding 30 shares with a 137 average. Decided to take a stab after todays intraday spike. Or is is it interday?
Nature is healing
To be clear, I honestly am bearish on this market and have been for a while. I guess we all really should inverse ourselves.
$2k -> $11k in a month trading 1DTE's and Weekly calls + full trade history
Trade Desk (TTD) Next Week
Buy UPS puts now.
Did I do Call Options right?
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 14, 2023
Cathie Wood really has a poopoo hand
TSM earnings 'money glitch' update
FYI for anyone trading options: If you like holding on to your money, don’t even think about buying/selling SPY/SPX options.
Be nice to me, please
🐻puts yolo on SPY 07/14! Stonks too damn high 200 yolo SPY 448p 07/14 contracts
9k Loss with unrealized 14.5k P&L
Apocalypse is priced into Hotel REITs at the dawn of their golden age... I’m leveraged to the tits 🌰🌰
$coin possible to go further?
$HOOD YOLO UPDATE
FML!!!
Back to breaking even
Nikola (NKLA) comeback
PayPal is the next crypto sympathy play.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-16 21:39:20
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 17, 2023
Cybertruck spotted in the wild…loading calls
You don't f with the m
NVDA short proof. Will continue to short
Global stocks have gained $3.3tn in market cap this week All stocks are now worth $108.8tn, which equals 108% of global GDP.
Free awards for everyone for all smooth brain regardless
Should have bought Nasdaq
Isaac Newton was one of us
NVDA long game win and out! My third and final exit.
Those shrooms hitting
The Impending Cybertruck Disappointment: High Cost, Low Range
Looks like it’s time to go all in on $TSLA calls! Cybertruck is finally coming.
Investors Are Bailing on Cathie Wood’s Popular ARK Fund
Tesla bears when they see Cybertrucks for the first time
Bears Checking Their Ports Monday Morning 🤡🐻🏳️‍🌈
All in on calls, forever. 🐻 r fuck
Can modern medicine explain WHY DO I DO THIS!
Start ‘em young
AI-related stocks drove virtually all of the S&P 500 returns in 2023 - is AI hype just a bubble?
How to become a capitalist?
Missouri Marijuana Sales Reach $3million Per Day
The hype surrounding AI stocks is undeniable, as evidenced by the accompanying graph.
AI is bullshit and a scam
What's the sentiment towards TSLA Earning?
The AI narrative is just getting started
R401k YOLO into TSLA! (Holding)
Last minute appeal to block $69 billion Microsoft-Activision deal is blocked
Based on a True Story
Fuck your Disney calls
Negg. Good action last couple days.
Has the Stock Market Helped or Hurt you?
TSLA bears on Monday
7 Year Streak of SPY Closing Higher in July Versus June - Mid Month Update
Bears earlier this year
NVDA / TSLA / QQQ ???
What's wrong with this trading strategy?
The long-awaited rebound in investment banking has yet to materialize, making for a disappointing quarter.
SAFE Banking has Confirmed Support of 9 Republican Senators to Overcome Filibuster
Calls on Target and Dollar General.
Economic Strength and Recessions
Simufilam Reduces Decline in Alzheimer's by up to 98% (SAVA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-17 19:03:13
Daily Discussion Thread for July 17, 2023
Wayfair DD -Aggregation from Discord and Elsewhere
First Cybertruck production exiting Gigatexas. Thoughts?
16 k in 5 mins
$125k PayPal YOLO
Bears this is a warning, this is your future if you don’t change your ways 
WSB self help book
TSLA fanbois rn
Warren urges SEC to investigate Tesla over Twitter ties, corporate governance — CNBC
A fight erupts in U.S. housing market as deteriorated affordability clashes with the 'lock-in effect'
Well I’m back to even
I’ve been trading since 2016. 7 years in the making and these are my results 🥲
$90k Loss Porn
July 17 - Long term CVNA holdings
Billionaires and corporate execs have dumped $9 billion worth of stock this year amid the market's latest rally
Me when people tell me to stop gambling on stonks
$UPS Put go BRRR
Buying into the greed
China reports second-quarter GDP miss, another record high in youth unemployment
Crash imminent 🤡🐻
Hypothesis that the Fed can set interest rates based on the movements of the planet Mars
Bought SPY puts, it's time to buy calls.
This Meme Brought to You by AI
$CVNA 20K FD | Switching to Puts | Volume Decreasing | 35.00 Strike
Shorting NVDA for $50K
Virgin Galactic - Virgin Galactic Broadens Access to Space with First Private Astronaut Mission ‘Galactic 02’
Loggee into an old 401k I forgot about. This is run by 'Professional Regards' wtf?
$tsla yolo for earnings
50K HOOD YOLO - This is $15 EOW
Let’s hope the bulls can keep it going. Loaded up Friday. Yolo !!!!
Wall st
AI is investing in itself
Why Robinhood?
I will post as gain rtx yolo up date
$MAT Mattel: Barbie, old dog new tricks. [Barbie movie discussion]
BRICS timebomb
Are the Cruise Lines back? NCLH RCL CCL
Was over in u/ daytraders...hopium
[OC] Chart from 17.07.2023 showing sentiment of "China's Economy" (green) in 3,110,486 financial news articles. Blue=USDCNY. Tradervoice.io
Come back szn pt 2 but this time I’ll actually become a millionaire
RIVN will not survive
UAP Disclosure Act of 2023
When you make your first profit
MARA or RIOT LEAPS and why?
Cup and handle forming - see you at 7$
NVIDIA: The Turbocharged Unicorn of Investments! 🚀🦄
Fiserv?
MAT Mattel is going to crush earnings
DIS is actually short for Disgusting
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-18 19:21:06
Daily Discussion Thread for July 18, 2023
Damn, how do they do it?
How do I buy calls on VisualBot?
Chinese real estate giant Evergrande records staggering losses of $81 billion over the course of the last 2 years - ProfessPost
JPOW will be remembered as a hero who crushed inflation and saved the stock market
I'm never buying Spy Puts ever again
RKLB is 🚀 after a great launch mission yesterday! Up $8,000 so far.
Bank of America's profits jump 19% on strong Wall Street showing, Strength of US Consumers
Bought calls at open spy
105k PYPL YOLO. YOU DONT KNOW ME SON!
In other words: "Damn these accounting standards, if it wasn't for them I'd value my Twitter holding at $500bln (or some other silly value)"
Robinhood's new news service (Sherwood) calls WSB cool, untrustworthy in pitch deck.
Gonna miss my rent and credit card payments, what’s the next play
I Didn't buy calls on MSFT$ like I posted about yesterday 😭😭😭
Thanks for the Tweet tip Satya, 900% return on $MSFT weeklies
TSLA is overvalued and should go down so I bought calls
Bullish on 🇨🇳
The AI trading journey begins. Throwing $3k into automated trading strategies. Will I eat a bag of dicks? Roast me if you must
Tesla directors pay $735 mln to settle lawsuit over excess compensation
What is dead cannot die
Ol’ Yellen
I am the Bull Flag
68% of fund managers believe in Soft landing.
Cashed out pre-earnings for 3x gain. Position: 10x $TSLA 300 Strike price LEAPS
$50k Cloudflare PUT YOLO Update
Thanks $MSFT - Knew you’d come back for me 😛
Who else is trading $COIN for some coin?
$CVNA | Heavy Put Losses (~75%) | Switched to Calls | ~34K FD YOLO | 44.00 Calls
Am I crazy or is BUD going to get completely destroyed on their August earnings report?
$10K position on TQQQ options
$RKLB launch successful
Fuck the haters, NEGG is my $250,000 play within the month! YOU WILL REMEMBER WHEN YOU CALLED ME REGARDED!!!
Netflix stock hits 17-month high as analysts forecast ‘competitive advantage’ from Hollywood strike
Goldman Sachs cuts probability of US recession in next 12 months
$TSLA inverse...?
They are self aware. It's over for us.
History never repeats itself, but it does often rhyme
PayPal YOLO
NUCLEAR CARS LET'SSS GOOOOOOOO
Does $CVNA keep pushing? 14% TODAY!
The Government Is Quietly Suing Its Way To Broader Powers Over Traders
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 18, 2023
$40k PLTR CALLS YOLO
$NOW is closing on it’s ATH
PYPL leaps hype train all aboard
The upcoming NASDAQ100 Rebalance
Elon said FSD is in the bag EOY 🍆 💦 aka by 2040… maybe
Will Zim continue going down the drain?
Disney $100+ EOY! Loaded up!
Why should I buy a car when we have UFOs?
Are $NVDA and $META as good as they seem?
Do I hold through earnings?
Thinking to inverse Wayfair puts into calls
Disney
Still Relevant (Repost)
Quick Question about Leveraged Stocks
Anyone else gonna buy Mattel?
Thank you tesla and rivian
ALCC - Sam Altmans SPAC, Oklo a micro nuclear reactor startup. - This thing is radioactive (Don't touch it)
PYPL: Next technical levels (chart)
Nel ASA: Second quarter 2023 financial results
This is gonna hurt
Topped up on $Bud puts last week
MSFT$ has a AI showcase tomorrow, is it already priced in?
Easy money available shorting CVM
Is it smart to buy an ATM LEAP call for SQQQ or UVIX?
$TSM is extremely undervalued and overlooked, especially with AI
Gain using long term leap strategy
Is it (QuantumScape $QS) in?
Nasdaq and QQQ Moving Averages.
How the SAFE Banking Act Affects the Emerging and Rapidly
PLTR YOLO Update. Holding for 50-100. Palantir is the most important company in the world right now.
SAVE merger play
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-19 20:18:21
Daily Discussion Thread for July 19, 2023
December buys CVNA $182k to $2,500,000
RIP to CVNA puts and shorts
80 CVNA $59 calls, 7/21. Average price of $0.09, sold for $2.40 right at open.
Cramer: Recession Cancelled!
TSLA Before & After Earnings Today
I Have Succesfully Predicted 42.0 Of The Last 2 Market Crashes
Honest WSB
Anyone knows what happened to $AAPL rn?
New robinhood features allows you to see how big of a loser you are 😭
Apple finally figured out which letter comes after A...
Bears rn
RIP to my puts, I guess “dumb money” wins. Best I can hope for now is an investigation into how they cook the books by next week….
Get rekt 🐻
Hodl
26k gain 20 mins (50%) cvna
CVNA bears today
Stonk only go up - next stop 100!
$UPST “What does Upstart do?”
Here is a visual aid to help you better understand Carvanas upcoming earnings call. 🫡
Now a 99.8% chance of rate hike next week. Get your $SPY calls ready!
WE ARE HOLDING 320 EOW
Logic has left the chat
$CVNA $20K Loss on Naked Calls
Tomorrow It Begins...
5% is not bad, right guys?
RKLB gain porn
Anyone just waiting for a dip to happen or is it just me?
I have successfully predicted the next three months:
Apple is building its own ChatGPT
Is $LCID headed for another squeeze?
Heard we were posting loss porn. Can you tell when I activated options trading?
Thanks $MSFT
Loss porn & yolo on life saving / IRA / 401k
Every TSMC investors worst nightmare
Thx tim
$CVNA Moving Up Results 2 Weeks to Tomorrow Morning
Netflix removes cheapest ad-free plan after launching new ad-supported tier
Should I be worried about Tesla earnings tomorrow? Will this be discussed on the call?
Are we in a late-stage bubble on software/big tech like Feb/March 2000?
Insane risky RTX play
To Sail Forbidden Seas, $HOOD - Q2/23 ER Guess
My bags feeling lighter already
Still haven't learned
Bad call guys next call (Shorted NVDA and Pepsi <- prior)
Everyone talking about CVNA but what about ATT? 8% jump today what gives?
The Best Trades Show a Profit from the Start - 40K $HOOD YOLO
What happens to stocks if this AI hype turns out to be a big fart?
AAPL and our Future Sino-Asian Overlords
All in on lead covered cables!
185k pypl yolo
$CVNA YOLO ~54K FD | Earnings Moved Up From Aug 3rd | Thoughts
Does Cathie Wood need a summer intern?
Found this at school found it appropriate for the guy using his rent money. Calls on Christianity
Market these days
CVNA moving earnings up to 7/19
Want advice from you regards please
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 19, 2023
UPS Stock and the price
RTX pattern again
Lucid (LCID) EVs are available for lease for the first time in Saudi Arabia. Possible short squeeze? $LCID
Apple preps Ajax Generative AI to compete with ChatGPT & Google
Bought up COIN when it was $45 - $70 and got a small gain
"Threads Usage Drops By Half From Initial Surge" - Calls on Meta, I guess!
Spy is pulling back time to dump gains on crypto bro!
Long PE - $BX going to be your new landlord / credit lord / pimp for the next 10 years
Puts on India? - Most outsourced coders in India will be gone in 2 years due to AI
LESL just gapped down. But there's more downside.
$PYPL Price Target $100 by end of August
UPDATE $PYPL YOLO 💎🙌🚀
Carvana Slides After Moving Up Earnings Date Without Warning
Thoughts and Opinions on CLBR
Just updating the group on my carvana puts. How do they make you feel? 🩸
1000 spy put 451p 7/19
Update on my TSLA calls 🫡
TESLA All In
Oh we are so back
LETS GO TSLA
The Verge: Apple is testing an AI chatbot but has no idea what to do with it
Covid 19 disabling your workforce and tanking your earning season
First 3mo of Options Trading, 10X on a unit-based sports betting approach, assuming I'm leaving some cash on the table.
UNH Yolo. 47k in gains so far
PLTR & RKLB Before August ER?
Thank you 🏳️‍🌈🐻
Will the Writer's Strike and SAG-Aftra Strike have a notable implication on the jobless claims and unemployment levels?
Gain porn
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-20 18:30:33
Daily Discussion Thread for July 20, 2023
Did we learn the difference yet?
Trade smart, not hard
"How low can yah go!! how low can yah go!!" -Me bag holder.
The Babylon Bee gets it
Netflix You Guys Are Fucking Idiots
Musk, Tesla board to return $735M after being sued for overpaying themselves
Oh TSLA what have you done…
$TSLA Bulls Screamed GrEeN DaY after I called for $270 into ER.. and look where Tesla Went. Regarded DD wins again
Blast from the AI Past
Cava puts
Tesla may keep cutting prices in 'turbulent times', Musk says
Rtx yolo i got out alive and with money
If my brokerage account can speak
Carvana spins lower after S&P warns debt deal could be tantamount to default
+$130K gains on Regional Banks. Be greedy when others are fearful!
The best investment strategy rn
Shorting Cathie Wood’s ARKK with my life savings.
Doggo discovers Cramer
$CVNA 6X Gains | 54K ---> 396K | $342K Profit | 6 Bagger
7/21 $272.5 TSLA CALLS
See ya later boys...
Sigh. Who's the regard that bought a big call on $TSLA at 3:59pm EST yesterday?
The stock market is rigged
$SNAP $10p 8/30 for Earnings Next Week
Carvana W
I love when I stay true to my strategy 💪🏽
TSLA 1DTE Call Holders before and after earnings
So I was just listening to the entirety of the TSLA earnings call...
$AMPX Power to Your Portfolio 🔥
📉
QQQ Holders Next Week
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 20, 2023
Trying to time the TSLA dip…
Blackstone Reaches $1 Trillion in AUM
Tesla stock drops on margin concerns, Musk warning on Q3 production
Am I doing this right?
$TSLA $300 -> $270 MINIMUM.. Cybertruck Production is about to COOK THIS STOCK
The exact state of your $TSLA calls 9:30AM.
$GNRC 20k yolo
First Ever Honest Federal Reserve Meeting - Meeting Notes
Tesla’s profits have increased despite implementing price cuts
TSM earnings call
It’s okay guys…I can make it back
Perma-bulls and perma-bears getting their epiphany (colorized)
So with both ASML and TSM(C) earnings/calls complete how do we feel for the future of AI/semi-conductor chips sentiment?
Michael Burry on Pac West Bank:
META Megaphone Update - Posted 4 Months Ago
This should do alright?
Mattel to the moon?
Question about the new Fed quick exchange.
Time to short Aerospace/Lockheed
$CVNA -> $100+ Price Soon or Shadow Realm
It make no sense
XOM for a win
I am confident that Target and Dollar General (calls) are free money.
And so the 1929 crash begins. ( 78.6% fib+ Vana charm fade+ Max PE 20&E230 + -ve correlation +Inverted yield curve+ D. spiral +Lag effects )
CVNA recent debt exchange. Discussion of details.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-21 16:31:52
Daily Discussion Thread for July 21, 2023
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 24th, 2023
WARNING: Options gambling may royally fuck up you life!
When you meet with prime minister of Luxembourg and you show up in sweat pants - calls on google
Fucking legend
Autist in the wild
stock price = earnings call listeners x number of times AI mentioned
My life since joining this sub
one red day and bears are like
Elon said ARK invest is "the best" at analysis.
The number of Americans who say they were rejected for a loan reaches highest rate in 5 years
TSLA Calls vanquished my last hope. Had $1k 24 hours ago
I thought it was a myth.
Lost a lot of money on $TSLA recently… so I’m a gay bear 🌈 now
Enron Share Certificate. Bought for 95 cents just a few days before the bankruptcy. 😀
$CVNA 0DTE ~$15K FD Yolo | 42.00 PUT Play | 400 Contracts
Satellite radio rocks
Why is no one talking about Upstart? 👀
HOOD calls for $13.5k
$75k YOLO on Spy Calls for tomorrow
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 21, 2023
Inflation Going Back Up
Is TSLA going to repeat history
Tsla Yolo
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is the World’s Newest Tech Billionaire
Recession end 2023/early 2024
Is anyone following the Apellis story?
STX.L - Shield Therapeutics (UK Aim Market) SHIEF:US:OTC US
Olaplex - OLPX thesis
Small $SPY and $XLF YOLO for next week... in Jpow we trust
Tesla CEO Elon Musk: 'We're using a lot of Nvidia hardware'
Lucid is the next Tesla
Im back? Kinda lol
Does this mean all of the short Hedgefund positions are underwater?
My SPY idiocy has no limits!
Federal Reserve announces that its new system for instant payments, the FedNow® Service, is now live
I should have sold at 298
With Tesla reporting record deliveries and revenue, is Rivian undervalued?
Will the nasdaq special rebalancing next Monday negatively impact the Big 7?
Yolo into regional banks and rdfn. Time to get greedy?
Upcoming QQQ rebalance
HOOD Updates PDT Policy
30% port into $SNAP Earnings / 2024 Puts - I havn't used this app since I was like 15
Massive Box Office Weekend Incoming $AMC $WBD Barbie FTW!
$KTOS to partner with shield AI, stock seeing steady rise and I believe it will hit $15 in next few days
U.S. leading indicators point to recession starting soon - Reuters
Think Wintrust is safe from the commercial real estate bomb?
Pt. 2 The Most Memeable Stock Ever - $SPHR (MSG Sphere)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-26 00:09:15
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 26, 2023
Chad Money: Earnings Season
Dish and Amazon deal 100% happening
Supposed to use this as a $50k down payment on a house, already paid the non-refundable deposit… Does this qualify as a YOLO?
Breaking: Jay Powell Pre-FOMC press conference
Loss porn
How to gain 5x with MSFT Earnings tonight
$30,000 bet on $MSFT earnings
Bears right now
$DISH update, news is out, stock 🚀🚀🚀 (Original OP)
Never quit
Robert Downey jr on Wall Street pits circa the 90s
NVDA gain porn
Brace yourselves, Rate hike is coming !
some of us tried to tell yall $DISH
Are you playing SNAP earnings today? Here's why PUTS will be a winner.
Strike is called off
Guys I thought FOMC meant "Fear of Missing Calls" I am truly regarded.
PACW Puts 100k Gain
BANKruptcy BINGO - UPDATED PACWEST BANCORP 🚀
Follow up on $Dish play (original OP)
Never quit.
Snap plunges more than 16% after earnings report
This is absolutely zero risk: Massive theta gang bet on PACW
Pictures say it all. Robinhood is shady AF.
Guys RTX is way oversold I am all in calls at the bottom. (Not selling yet)
Hey babe check it out I’m outperforming SPY. Oh really? Let me see the all time.
JPOW WILL SAVE US
Upstart Update: 7/25/23
Blackstone will become the first private equity firm with $1 trillion in assets under management this year.
$UPST Upgraded!!
Puts on TSLA
Me and all you regards holding calls on MSFT🥳🥳
Daily Discussion Thread for July 25, 2023
EASY MODE ACTIVATED: Quick $9,500 one-day Gainz Selling AMC CSPs
Spotify suffers $6 billion bloodbath amid price hikes
FOMC meeting preview
$SNAP ER PLAY 🙏🏻
ThE MaRkEt Is EfFiCiEnT
Hold or cut losses? $SPY 454 put exp 07/31
PACW- a swinging game
How the market works
I should have sold
Tick Tock Debt Clock: The Rising Costs of US Treasury Interest Payments
Consumer confidence hits highest level in two years
18 year old regard yolos 12k into dish calls at close
When VIX is 13.95 now, why taking VIX 15 put is attractive?
Hundreds of RTX-made jet engines recalled over metal contamination – sending stock tumbling
PYPL 500K YOLO UPDATE #1
Recession my ass part 2
Disney Streaming, Entertainment (Movies), and now the Happiest Money Losing Cruise Line, on Earth.
Lazy memer fixes a lazy memers meme
This is what you call your guidepost to "Higher DXY" because of the European financial crisis that is coming.
Maybe made the luckiest buy of my life. 30k in a day ($RTX)
$DISH "Boost Wireless" + $AMZN Prime will re-define the future of wireless. Huge call option buying over the past few days. 🐳🔮
To moon and beyond 💰🚀📈 - r/wallstreetbets posted a net gain of $8.1M in June 2023
New Investment Strategy What Do You Think?
Tesla stock downgraded by UBS
$115k PACW Earnings Play - Ready to Get My Cheeks Spread AH Tomorrow 🍑📉
Out with FAANG
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 25, 2023
When the word recession peaks its about 12 months later that it actually happens (the second peak)
July 24 - Long term CVNA holdings
Teladoc Earnings on 07/25 afterhours
Prominent Bear Throws In The Towel
You see how one can be so responsible when things are green, but those red days really put me back
Bearish on .com?
IMF: Global economy is improving but inflation is still enemy No. 1
NVIDIA stock could hit $769 on ~$300 billion AI opportunity by 2027 - Mizuho By Investing.com
Curious about thoughts on $weat
Threads’ user engagement plummets 70% after explosive start
RTX YOLO earnings
Case Shiller (CoreLogic research) shows residential prices are up for the third Month.
[DD - $BROS] Dutch Bros Coffee Company
Student Loans and Leaps
Puts on SNAP ahead of earnings tomorrow?
Why $DISH could be making a huge comeback and should be given a look this week
What to do with this?
Day Trading Edge
Try to guess when I discovered options.
$SIRI 42K Loss | Switched to $AMC FDs For $35K Options Play @ 6.00 and 9.00 Strike
After losing $50k I made it back🙌🏼 thanks Nvidia
Option trading bros
Daily Discussion Thread for July 24, 2023
‘We Were Wrong’: Morgan Stanley’s Wilson Offers Stocks Mea Culpa
I'm going to monopolize Bingo at the County fair next year
Beware the Two Humps
Weekly PLTR YOLO Update. Holding for 50-100. Palantir is the most important company in the world right now. Adding a bunch on this dip.
$DISH $AMZN DEAL?
Activision Acquisition
SPX Calls, Regarded Bull
Shopify (SHOP): The Canadian eCommerce Giant Ready to Blast Off? 🚀🚀🚀
Spotify set to follow Netflix and hike subscription prices
Applying basic concepts of PE and EPS over SPX.
Bitcoin is up 20% since Cramer told investors to sell
Recession my ass
Leaked Tesla Image Show a Cybertruck Wrapped To Look Like Ford F-150, Octavalve, & Small Frunk
$SIRI | Updated $315K YOLO | 44.3K Shares + ~10K FD Options
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-27 23:58:02
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 28, 2023
Wtf just happened
Tales from a 401k Administrator
I found a local degenerate
I win more than I lose by cashing out early. Scalped 10k in profits
Tesla exaggerated cars’ driving range - and then cancelled appointments when drivers complained
wsb regards after losing money on AMC fd’s… again 
BULLISH...
After being down overall in the bull market of 20/21, I swore off individual stock picks. I broke the rule because of the dish guy.
500K PAYPAL YOLO UPDATE #2 (350K LOSS)
Rivian bulls who have been DCA’ing since IPO
DISH Loss Porn.
Tesla EVs are apparently overestimating range when fully charged — on purpose
I said I wanted to stop gambling. I can’t stop. 60k RTX YOLO
A New Rival Emerges
Finally broke even after 13 months of HELL
How much trouble are Disney in?
Do you guys know the GREEKS and Why the DISH GUY FAILED (Don't trade options close to expiry)
Choo chooooo Regards!
Zuck's "Year of Efficiency"
Investing 101: The WSB Way
Sold my 8 shares of MSFT and bought 30 more AMZN shares! My first 100+ share stock!
The Yolo Manifesto: I will gamble till I’m a millionaire
.
Nice
Final $DISH Post (Copium + Loss Porn)
Daily Discussion Thread for July 27, 2023
$F Earnings Play | 15K FD Puts @ 13.00 Strike | Short 14,400 Shares
Have the stock market priced this in ? 😂
Tesla’s secret team to suppress thousands of driving range complaints
Meta paid off again !!! Let’s see how these print.
QS... it's this finally it?
🚨🚨🚨Breaking🚨🚨🚨 : JPOW comments after FOMC data drops
RIP $DISH GUY
RIP
Drivers In The Southwest Are Learning Electric Cars Don’t Like It Hot
I was up over 17k and then I found options 🤌🏽
Really I couldn’t have lost 3 more cents today…
Some people here should not be trading at all or ever again.
Finest Spanish WSB Regards
Mitch be peepin the earnings calls
Cheapest S&P puts since 2008
I made nearly 100k in 2 days. Please help me stop gambling
U.S. Q2 GDP surges past consensus, helped by business spending
SPY 0dte Is For Chads
This kind of makes up for $DISH - 1DTE SPX
Global Central Banks Update
Today, the Dow is poised to accomplish a feat it hasn’t achieved since 1897
NVDA 465P 7/28
US economic growth accelerated in 2nd quarter, exceeding expectations and quieting recession fears
Nobody Cares
Relax
Meta is 3/4ths of the way to pulling an Elon
GameStop CFO to quit in second top executive exit in two months.
Roblox YOLO gone wrong
Looks like a 2005-2007 redux happening
Summary of major players in AI chips this earnings season
Sunset on the solar bubble - ENPH FSLR puts
$PGY
DD for bull market: the 1ncehost indicator
Netflix Makes Terrible Shows
I gave you the Microsoft dip, then the Meta skyrocket, my next play is Intel earnings tomorrow 😈
Tech earnings this week
Time to buy leaps on US Steel $X
First one is always free 🥲
Japan Yield Curve Control Band Change & Its impact on Credit Markets (Stonks Can Only Go Down) Afterwards.
This is what happens when you bet against AMERICA
Planning for CF's Earnings Report: A Tactical Approach
Citi to Track UK Office Attendance to Identify Hybrid Holdouts
Due Diligence on Lumentum Holdings Inc. (LITE) - Potential Supplier for Apple’s AR Headset
The AI Bubble has officially popped if Dhar Mann is beginning to talk about it. You will instantly regret buying calls.
$DISH GUYS GET SOME SLEEP
US economy defies recession fears with strong second-quarter performance — Reuters
Best short positions for Ghey Bears RN?
Scam in the ongoing Apellis saga?
Are the Markets trying to Anticipate a Growth Economy trend? 🤔
Rocket Mortgage RKT set for liftoff? 🚀
Long time lurker, first time betting. Waiting for INTC earning call tomorrow
Better apply to Wendys, cause you're dishwashed
I’m so fucking smart
The US economy grew stronger than expected in the second quarter, but consumers are pulling back
Cramer’s Lightning Round: Move on from Rocket Lab [Should I go jacked to the tits on RKLB calls?]
SPY vs SPXL?
New SEC rules put a time limit on reporting hacks and data breaches
Inverse Cramer Strikes Again. $META crushes it. 8 Months Ago Jim Cramer gave a tearful apology for recommending Meta, today it's up 3X.
Printing Cash with VIX Calls
YOLO - 200 contracts / $BABA $98 Calls / Aug 04 2023 Expiration / ~$48k cost basis - wish me luck fellow regards
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 27, 2023
What do you guys think about the Maverick of Wall Street?
$HOOD Breakout Alert
YOLO'd the entire mortgage FOMC week (After Market Wednesday UPDATE!)
Puts on $NYT
DiSH guy was right - Amazon Prime Deal
CEO of the most popular AI company in the world - Open AI, has now launched a eyeball scanning shit-coin
Why is DISH crumbling?
Why not wheel?
Axos bank - maybe pending Trump loan defaults, so short em?
Reminder that YOLOs don’t work and WSB doesn’t give the best advice
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-28 18:40:57
Daily Discussion Thread for July 28, 2023
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 31st, 2023
Fuck Cathie, fuck Jerome, fuck Congressional insider trading, fuck passive investing, fuck risk tolerance and fuck $Dish Guy
No longer forcasting a recession
$32k gain - July was good to me
Manager at a PA Wendy's invented a fake employee and pocketed wages of $20,000
SPY Go Brrr
Inflation is under control now!
Of course I bought F calls
10k loss on SPY
whenever i think about doing options
Fuck Cathie Wood, fuck j pow, fuck pelosi, fuck biden, fuck the illuminati and fuck the $dish guy
📉 Loss Porn Love 📈 Let's Support All YOLOs, Big or Small! 🚀
Bullish!
Tupper-where?
TROW ROTH IRA YOLO - 1600%
5 bagger on SPY
August is historically the worst month for the stockmarket.....
The internet is stupid and yall love to fear monger (with recipts)
Buying OTM long calls on heavily shorted stocks
Talkin to people on WSB be like:
This pretty much sums up the market right now lol
Sofi options exp. Aug 4th
Why is managed healthcare falling?
This is why ECB was dovish yesterday even in the face of high inflation.
"Julian Robertson, the legendary investor, imparted a timeless message that continues to echo through Wall Street"
God Bless Roku
Was down 18k In December
Google’s building A.I. into robots to teach them to throw out the trash
$SAGE is about to go tits up
A Black Swan lies in store for the US to have 0.7% Q3 GDP down from 2.4% Q2. Or its the analysts that are wrong & we are heading way higher.
What if I took 2 loans out to invest in options?
After this week
Jim Cramer thinks a rally is in order
Nasdaq composite up 1.6% at market open
Not a bad year
The Fed's favorite inflation measure cooled down even further in June
BOJ Surprises Financial Markets, Loosening Grip on Bond Yields in Ueda’s First Surprise
1000% ytd gains
$51k TROW YOLO Update- July 28, 2023
Bought high sold low
Selling uncovered call
Inflation is tax
2023 FED Stress Tests: Unveiling Resilience and Rewriting the Future
Inversions and Recessions and Drawdowns, oh my!
The Bear Case for Northrop Grumman ($NOC)
🌈🐻 at 1:30pm EST, 7/27/23
$GPRO under valued 1000% gainer
TotalEnergies CEO Says U.S. LNG ‘Important’ to Strategy and European Natural Gas Supply - $NEXT $TTE
US regulators kick off contentious effort to hike bank capital
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-29 18:35:36
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of July 29, 2023
I will owe $50k to the IRS. Should I flee the country?
My YOLO story continues
never zoom out
$187k gain on UPST
Calls on $ROPE
Have any of you regards been so regarded that you bankrupted a 200 year old bank
I already took 4 loans out to finance my options plays. Here’s my journey
What if I took out 3 loans to invest in options?
0DTE lotto trades gone wrong. Not sure how I’m going to recover from this.
Meta P/E is 24
What does upstart do?
Who needs money these days anyway
stock trading experience
Zuckerberg implies less than half of Threads users have stuck around
Already starting the rebranding effort!
I am sorry DISH guy!
Monday, I’ll know if I’m paying off schools loans with NVDA money or paying double the amount. Godspeed.
Welp I guess trading isn’t for me
We're so fucking back
ROKU options changed my life today
The extreme bubble in stocks 'will end in tears' with the S&P 500 plunging 64%
Mat Ishbia Says the Quiet Part Out Loud - UWMC
The suspense
What if I became a bounty hunter and tracked WSB members taking out loans
Bears holding their worthless Puts
Account progression today
DOJ will not pursue campaign finance charge against FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried
Thanks everyone for the support the other day. I’m going to be responsible with my gains and cash out.
Up 150% in 3 months
What does someone who works at the Fed do all day?
How ABNB trading works and does it makes sense?
Roku 💎🙌
Is $TEP a good investment regarding likely AI competition?
Cramer: Move on from RKLB
UPSTART
$AMD YOLO (help me)
RTX leaps (but I’m not the RTX double down syndrome dude)
US oil giants announce reduced profits while increasing shareholder payouts - ProfessPost
McDonald's is creating a spinoff restaurant brand called CosMc's
WTF is this? Atlanta Fed projects Q3 GDP to be 3.5%. Bond yields need to go much higher considering CPI will reaccelerate in Q3.
Semiconductor Stocks VS Sales
Undervalued Sectors/Regions?
Lead Apatite Mining Stock?
That damn RTX winner
$NKLA swings
Peak Oil Demand in China now predicted in the next couple of years
Ai is not overrated
Broader market redux , Month End July 23
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-30 18:57:10
What the fuck
Arizona 99c can trading below the face value. Inflation = over.
Who of you degens was this? 🌈🐻
Denial is a river in Egypt!
How can I invest in milk? The price looks low at moment.
700 years of interest rates
How every day as a 🌈🐻 feels like
Why are big banks immune to bank run?
Retirement Confidence Among Americans Has Hit An All-Time Low - ProfessPost
$DISH has the chance to strike a $3.59b deal with T-Mobile for spectrum licenses.
Wish me luck next week $ROKU 💎
Inflation won't get to 2% in many years because the FDIC will continue to bailout banks to prevent bank failures
Want to start picking up options before earnings, what are your suggestions to beat IV crush and the other Greeks?
August puts - Market is going to crash 💥. Thursday was early sign. August puts yolo
Are PLTR calls free money?
What is the most you lost during one Day
Petrobras slash dividends from 65% FCC to 45% FCC
Trader (1987) Movie
The highest Interest rate with the best stock performance. WTF?
Trying to position the trigger since July 2021
GDP and Employment following 10y:3m yield curve inversion
“GE Stock Surges: A Promising Turnaround Signals Bright Future for the Aerospace Giant”
Floating Trains and LK-99
Company information database
Short on XPEV 20$ 4-Aug puts. down 7k. gotta keep the loss prn alive
How do you trade VIX ?
Will oil prices drive inflation higher in the 2nd half?
AAPL - What the hell should I do?
Who needs diversity?
Regarded dreams
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-31 18:38:29
Daily Discussion Thread for July 31, 2023
❄️❄️❄️ Tom Hanks with the Monday Morning WSB Energy! ❄️❄️❄️
Name a classier way to lose money?
A lot of you when meta was at 100$
Some of you could reach this in a week
It ain't much but it's honest work...
This is not Apple, Nvidia, or Tesla its the US debt
Weekly PLTR YOLO Update. Holding for 50-100. Palantir is the most important company in the world right now!
The "stock market" is boring...
One of us...
Cramer just gave X his blessings
18 year old meets 0DTE SPY Puts
Twitter is doing great today with the name change, should i buy calls?
Time to build a crap stock portfolio?
Party bros give some stock market wisdom
UPDATE: Roku to the moon 💎
Finally, these bags have been heavy AF
Long AMC 40,000 shares
A better metric for tracking debt. Interest on the national debt to GDP.
July 31 - Long term CVNA holdings
Spy will probably be green today
If the US deschedules cannabis this year, what will be your moves?
Palantir is the King of AI Stocks - Meme
UBS drops Credit Suisse’s Russian clients
$roku yolo $800 to $8500
Morgan Stanley bear Wilson sees a 2019-like rally this year
Citi hikes S&P 500 price target: This is when it expects it to hit 5,000 By Investing.com
Disney, Writers/Actors Strike and Box office losses
Barbenheimer breaking records: AMC boasts its best admissions revenue in its 103-year history
Mattel to the moon
Watching SPY today
$TGTX earnings likely to be way above estimates
Pwm 500k ftds on a 1.15 million float,great opportunity for apes to make bank
NIO holders, what do you guys think about holding this position longer? have you exited? exiting soon? holding to the moon?
Foxconn's EV consortium to use BlackBerry's software
Time to YOLO my savings into APLS ? -70% in 11 days, way oversold
Is it true what’s been said about the breakthrough enovix tech?
How Rivian Became Analysts' Darling: All Upsides Of Tesla, Minus The Risks?
Degens when SPY moves up 12 cents after dropping $2
It’s been a weird ride
VegetableResource204 would be up right now had he held his PYPL calls instead of going in on 0DTE SPY Puts
where to buy stocks in lead nitrate, potassium phosphate and potassium?
Middle-income Americans think prosperity is within reach
SOFI technologies Inc.
Why's DIS dropping?
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 31, 2023
$BUD Bud Light (Anheuser-Busch) reports earnings Wed night/Thurs morning
AAPL Earnings Yolo
Livent the Lithium Leviathan
Invest in the only resource that has gone up constantly in the last 100 years!
AEON …she is moving hard … let’s go ! …….
Robinhood doesn’t let me buy more AMC options today!
LK-99 - The Potential Revolutionary Room-Temperature Superconductor
Writers Strike Could be a Double Edge Sword
Check out this battery pack teardown comparison of TSLA and BYD - One more reason to be a $TSLA Bull
Is GE a good long term play?
ETSY DD
Upstart - UPST - Need Advice Pls!
Fsr(Fisker) next Tsla
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-01 22:08:39
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 02, 2023
I am that brother
Wait that's not how it's supposed to work..
The UK housing market is headed for a double digits crash.
Bears (Shorts) gotta still make $$$ somehow.
Over half a mil yolo AMD earnings
New Bull Market
$YELL $17k gain in 45 minutes
Welp now I have to deposit 25,000 I don’t have 💸
BA✈️ $8,000 gain in 27 min.
I only screenshot the good days when flexing to the fam
SPY DD 8/1/23 (Gyrados)
I told you it's a bubble.
Ok, you dummies. Here is how options work.
"The Lebron of AI" from the regarded Dan Ives , the stock fell 92% after this
No seriously, how are people doing this
Let's have a party!
Battle testing a crap stock rotation strategy. Roast me if you must
Fuck your puts fuck your calls jpows got you by the balls
The LK-99 room temperature superconductor is probably alien technology
Daily Discussion Thread for August 01, 2023
Short $BUD for earnings - "Bear Flag" set up measured move targeting $45.00 🍺📉
PYPL to the moon
Why would any one want to invest in $NKLA after they pulled one of the biggest scams in history?
my trading setup after the last two days of es / nq price action 🤬
PLTR beggar
I actually did it (lost 10k. I make 21k/yr)
Room Temp Superconductors Incoming! Science Meets Stonks with LK-99 – Get in or Get Left Behind! 🚀
$YELL - Hero or Zero. NFA
Bought $30k worth of Palantir this morning, bought another $27k at noon. I will be deploying 200k in $PLTR in total. IN KARP WE TRUST
Nikola Scores Big Win in Hydrogen Station Regulatory Grant Funding with an Additional $16.3M for a Total of $58.2M in the Last 30 Days
It ain’t much but it’s honest work $AMD edition
280,000 Tesla vehicles under investigation for losing steering control
Give me your most regarded 2-year play
Su Bae FTW!
Netflix trying to push it's subscribers to an ad-based model is a bad sign
Thank you, DISH GUY
End of an Era: 99-Year-Old Trucking Giant Yellow Shuts Down, Leaving 30,000 Jobless
Hedging Bets: My SPY Put Strategy Amid Rising Bankruptcies
The US Housing Market Is Heading For A Double Digit Crash - Riddle
Maybe it'll work next time...
I got these new coasters today!
A simple chart study to demonstrate a US financial crisis by the end of Q2 2024 which in turn will take our debt beyond the $40T mark.
CLOV
SEC sues Crypto founder for using funds on luxury purchases—including a $4.3 million black diamond
TLRY could potentially see huge squeeze shortly
Bringing more dry powder from Sofi to PayPal
$BUD Due Dilligence
Mesoblast $MESO | FDA approval decision 8/2/23
Puts on ADBE? "Adobe worried AI Could Kill the Jobs of Their Own Customers"
The Actor’s Strike
In your face Cathie Woods.
US Q3 GDP is expected to be 3.9% while inflation is projected to be 3.8% by September. This brings nominal Gdp to be around 7.6% in Sept min
Treasury wants to borrow 1.85T during 2H of this yr. ( Rrp stands at 1.82T )
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 01, 2023
Mattel
Calls on Lyft? How can they possibly not make money this quarter if they are taking most of the fare?
401k won’t allow options
Palantir Selected by Department of Defense to Automate Spectrum Coordination Workflows
Meta plans launch of AI bots with different personas in attempt to retain user
Thots n prayers for $fubo with some $mara $pltr and $pypl for the finger in the poonani
Any of you guys use spreadsheets?
A safer yolo on PYPL
Yellow freight declares bankruptcy a couple days ago and today it hits just under 150% increase
Squeeze 🪗
PYPL is going to the moon Part 2
What do I do with my AAPL calls ahead of earnings this week?
Stocks are having their best run since 2021. Can they beat the August doldrums?
In Su Bae we Trust 🫣
S&P 500 has a new Street-high price target as Oppenheimer says bears are capitulating By Investing.com
OpenAI, Upwork partner to help companies hire AI specialists — Fox Business
Clover Health (CLOV) is moving and dirt cheap
Gave out $BABA last week went 2X - NEW YOLO - $DIS $89 Calls / Aug 18 2023 Expiration / ~$58k cost basis - wish me luck regards
TLRY potential just based on historical marketcap
Dow Winning Streak an Ominous Sign for October?
Big Earnings week pt 2
Hedge fund bears are capitulating and close to de-risking
It comes in waves, brahs
Daily $SPY / $ES Analysis
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-02 21:45:59
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 03, 2023
Please if it just bounces back I will delete Robinhood and quit gambling forever
I’d rather have them expire worthless
Comment Your YTD %
It’s not gambling its called investing.
WSB's reaction to the USA credit rating downgrade
200k SHOP ER yolo after losing 175k on AMD
AAPL currently showing a Bart Simpson formation and is primed for a Homer breakout
What Fitch thinks of the US
I don’t see any other possibility
Guys I think I went a little crazy doubling down on AMD
The Milk Rocket has taken off.
BlackRock under Investigation
Just sold 15 of my 20 calls. Take profit when you want not when you have to
Puts and Calls (actually) explained
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS PRICE MOVEMENT. IVE LOST $375k SHOPIFY RUINED MY LIFE
Up $55K in one trade, pay for college or back into options?
How many Fitches can we fit in a Tesla?
First lesson of yolonomics: BUY THE FUCKING DIP
All in!
Daily Discussion Thread for August 02, 2023
The Fitch analyst behind the U.S. downgrade breaks down the decision
The Bubble Seems Like It's Back... In Honor of That Time I Made 43,000% Over Night... I'm Baaaacccckkkk
What have I done?
If Trading had a voice chat
Stocks sink after historic US credit rating downgrade
Economy Private sector added 324,000 jobs in July, well above expectations, ADP says
Losses make me depressed. I’m done trading.
uhhh PYPL bros?
AMZN & AAPL earnings tomorrow, we are so close to maybe the Bear lotto play of the century if they disappoint after today
Oh, the irony... BoA thinks we're in for a soft landing now.
$TLRY gang, assemble!
It might be a red dildo day for all of you but I'm making STACKS
No longer AAA 😳 Fitch downgrades US debt rating. Flight to safe assets.
Last time Fitch downgraded US credit ratings was Aug 5th 2011, the same exact week as today.
It’s honestly an indication for a multi-year bull market
Fitch bitch glitch!
Buuuuuu mUH tESla!!!
US Credit Rating Downgraded From AAA by Fitch
Re-Backward-tardation: UVXY
Why are clean energy stocks dropping so much, and so consistently?
Watch out for SPX weekly candle and 20dMA on the daily.
Salesforce Cuts More Jobs After 10% Reduction Earlier This Year
Got approved for level 3 options, so I can finally make safer plays. Going for a straddle for apple’s earnings release.
Inversed myself on PYPL
Evergrande starting trading 03/08
Invest in options
Buy stocks they said. “Don’t trade options, you’ll lose money.”
Coursera’s CEO Wants its AI Chatbot to Become Your AI Personal Tutor AI
EA earning call options disappointment
Fitch You Fucking Idiots
I advised you all to buy puts before the Microsoft dip, calls before the Meta skyrocket, and calls before Intel shot up 7%. I’m back 😈
Robinhood's Q2 net revenue at $486M, beats estimates. Why?
Choose your fighter: $Dish guy, Two-Loans guy, Ice-cream-sandwiches-as-options trading guy
IonQ displaying a "Reverse Cramer" pattern.
Regards on This Sub are Moody AF These Days...
Please buy the dip PermaBulls
Avoiding IV crush on earnings.
Very bullish chart, clearly
Advanced Money Duplicator strikes again!
Lucid Motors CEO Reveals Plans To Rival Tesla Model 3 and Model Y
The credit rating agency Fitch has downgraded the US credit rating from AAA to AA+
$TPX | Tempur Sealy Bed Maker | 33K Earnings FD Yolo | 40.00 P | Exp 08/18
If the SPY support breaks "Wyckoff distribution" will be complete.
The US Debt Downgrade could be the Catalyst!
Wealthy Young American Investors Turn to Alternative Assets Amidst Doubts in Traditional Markets - ProfessPost
Why is YELL (Yellow Corp) stock rising so much after breaking news of bankruptcy?
PLTR gang, but I was ~8 months early...
AMC earnings gunna be through the roof!
What would be your choice if you were a bagholder of RIVN @50$, but had the capability to sell a covered call?
Why AAPL will drop even if earnings are good
Why should everyone be bullish right now?
Calls on SPXL
Stick to U.S. stocks that offer experience over hope
Thoughts on this 😬
Which superconductor company could be the next NVDA in the field of superconductors?
🚀 Two-Pronged Attack to Glory: Shorting the Ugly or Riding the Green Wave – Choose Your Path to Tendie Town 🌿🔥
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-03 16:54:38
Daily Discussion Thread for August 03, 2023
Guys, rule number 1 of trading options. Don't yolo your life savings.
You are really just gambling if you’re buying calls right now.
All jokes aside. What is the end game of the permabear?
how to unfuck your brain when you have a trading addiction
The reservoir of 'helicopter money' is drying up.
Newton's Theory of gravity
Amazing Reverse Gains
3 months clean after making a comeback
Why we are months away from the top, the perfect sell signal and how to time the market
+$27k to -$50k in less than 24hrs
Feeling frisky. Mostly just trade AMD
SPY Puts 11k Gain Today
Hard landing confirmed by CNN. Any 🐻 still solvent?
Down… but not ready to work the dumpster yet!!
RTX Losses so far. Im told yall like this shit
Rampant DC dysfunction made America's credit downgrade inevitable
99% Guaranteed Loss
US yields skyrocketed after Fitch stripped the US of its AAA rating. 10y yields now at 4.15%, highest since November 2022.
$MRVI DD
JPMorgan Analyst Cautions Investors: Potential AI Industry Trends May Impact NVIDIA Share Price
Tesla's China-made EV sales slide in July from June as BYD stretches lead
Cheers to the Redditor I met at the bar in RVA tonight!
Jobless claims tick slightly higher to 227k but remain low overall.
What Bitch’s US credit rating downgrade means for your stonk portfolio
Apps like Webull and Robinhood and Unfair option pricing.
This dip is so Fitch!
Nikola Corporation Hydrogen Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Demand Surpasses 200
Regard Hall of Fame
Buying the fear
Will the bears grab control?
Why Paypal hate?
PayPal recovery play
Shorting higher education
$ASTS 18k share Yolo
🐻
New FINRA Rules and now extra fees
SiriusXM SIRI ready to roll
Is SOFI the next big play?
CVNA debt restructuring squeeze
Expedia Earnings Q2 2023 (Stock Down 14%)
PayPal Holdings, Inc. Q2 Earnings Summary
Tesla wants Taxpayers to fund $100mm charging network for its semis
Do we still do deep value? FMX
Last Friday i posted that i expected the market to sell off this week
SHOP Bounce Back Preditction
[Newbie] Bought Microsoft shares at 250 mainly as see value in ChatGPT. I think I'll hold for at least +6 months but I'd like your thoughts.
$CLX earnings and 1dte options
Pawn Shops?
1929 vs 2023
If you think company A is going to acquire company B, do you place calls on company B?
I don't get it. Is being a bagholder a good thing or a bad thing?
Nice "trading" Gift for my SO?
Did you guys made money during the COVID
BOJ Enters Bond Market for Second Time This Week as Yields Rise
How do I become successful option trader?
Is this position considered WSB regard
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-04 16:11:44
Daily Discussion Thread for August 04, 2023
Hedge funds lose $6bn betting against cruise lines and hotels
NVDA forming a classic onix pattern. I'm going in
Petition to ban $SHOP guy
What $AMZN bears see before getting margin-called
AAPL Earnings YOLO Update
🚀
Learned what early assignment is today 🥲
Fixed it for ya
Are you winning son?
Should I join the RTX lawsuit
-$100k today $PYPL
this is gonna be bad...
Here is a REAL breakdown of Understanding Option Contracts
For all of you with loss corn... Imagine you have gains, it's easy if you try.
AAPL Earnings 📉📉📉
Need help! Do I sell and be done with it? I hate the stock market and want to go home.
What would you do with this if you weren’t a degenerate?
New LNG export facilities will add billions to Texas economy - Nextdecade $NEXT
The typical U.S homebuyer is feeling the pinch with a 20% surge in monthly payment from last year.
Amazon reports blowout profit, beats on sales and issues optimistic guidance
Jimmy strikes again!
FSR - My Ultimate Regard YOLO + DD
I’m not Fucking Selling $AMZN!🐂💵🦅
It's like getting cash back on the Prime card but better
Quality CVNA DD
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 04, 2023
RR to the 🌜
A news story from February 2008 where the Fed president at the time says there won't be a recession. LMAO
Should I put 50$ a week towards BTC or the S&P?
A very Healthy U.S. Mortgage-Backed Securities Index & Morningstar LSTA US Performing Loans TR USD
Great earnings guys!
Anyone Else Thinking Rivian Strangle?
Bull or bear, don’t care, I just want to make money!
Collateral misbehaving in the wake of Japan's YCC change, Fitch's madness, and Janet's heavy coupon calendar - Michael Howell
AAPL failing. No AI Mentioned. Thoughts?
How to avoid the embarrassment of showing massive losses to your accountant - A guide for regards
Apple, Amazon and Coinbase Earnings Today
What Oil stocks should we keep an eye on?
What can I do to gain just a penny?
I keep losing against $BUD
Paypal right now
SEC requiring additional reporting from Large Hedge funds and All Private Equity.
$250K YOLO on Allogene $ALLO High SI right now
Warren Buffett Remains Unfazed by Fitch’s Downgrade
NIL King John Ruiz's LifeWallet Under Investigation by Feds After Massive SPAC Stock Collapse
Another strong quarter for movie theaters.
Coreweave raises debt collateralized by Nvidia chips
Advanced Auto Parts
CVNA + SPY gains 34.5k > 109k
Mind the GAAP
Trash DD, AMZN
US NonFarm Payrolls Breakdown. NEW US NON FARM PAYROLLS
MCRB - possibly groundbreaking microbiome treatment
Why did you start trading?
When the IRS comes after you
How do people lose their entire account on options?
Better Option Strategies, Advice?
Whats up with $TGT
You do NOT have to buy the shares when exercising a call option
