------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-16 
Wrinkle-brain Plays (Mathematically derived options plays)
SONY Stock Forecast, Price & News (Sony Group)
Credit Suisse = Lehman Brothers
Credit Suisse to borrow up to about $54 billion from Swiss National Bank
"you met me at a very strange time in my life"
Gotta bankrupt them all
Recession Confirmed!
Hey, bank for sale..! For sale?
Snap & Meta stock surges on report that Biden may ban TikTok
First Republic Bank, is said to weigh options including a sale, per Bloomberg
Robinhood Users Say The Trading App Won’t Cash In Their Profitable Bets Against Silicon Valley Bank
I how the recession isn't as deep as the yield inversion
How can I Sell an Eccomence in This crazy market?
Wen bankruptcy?
The time of the bear has come, buckle up buckaroos 🐻
A simple calculation
0DTE Gains Part 3: $150,000+
Eggon says “GME go up” after earnings. ⬆️
Carlos Santana and Friends Solve Banking Crisis
Can you get an open record of all trades done on a particular day and who done them?
$SPY potential bottom? Has been accumulating for past week, bottom of channel. I’m Bullish. SP500 $420 by 4/20.
SPY Stock
Biden reverses on TikTok
President Joe Biden on Monday underscored that the American banking system remains safe
It’s confirmed, Rivian has gone tits up!
Could a SVB's collapse been prevented if the accounting rules for recognizing bond losses were required to mark-to market?
Credit Suisse mooning tomorrow?
Virgin Orbit pauses operations for a week, furloughs nearly entire staff as it seeks funding
All this wishful thinking JPOW is suddenly their friend...
FRC will recover aggressively and quickly
Top changes to open interest calls and puts ((Wednesday, Mar. 15)
Warning from the treasury market
Credit Suisse turmoil triggered a throwback to 2008
Why SVB is just the beginning: Part II Eurodollar edition, from a investment analyst
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 16, 2023
The volatility continues… 3-15-23 SPY/ ES Futures, DXY, 10YR and VIX Daily Market Analysis
Global Fixed Income Views 2Q 2023 by JP Morgan Asset Management
Meta's 'Mega' Bullish Megaphone
Thoughts on WTI?
Who would have thought?
Swiss National Bank says it will provide Credit Suisse with liquidity if necessary
Is this normal? Im new to trading. 3k to 20k
I'll just leave this here. - Credit derivatives house of the year: Credit Suisse
NVDA CFO just sold a bunch of stock, probably nothing.
Posted this earlier in the week, we’re failing to break down, imo pumps at the very least 3-4% before anymore downside
143K gain riding the S&P rodeo. ES, SPX 0-days. Thanks Europe, keep it going!
let me introduce you to the infinite Frosty glitch from Wendy - apply for their jobs, and get a free frosty whenever you're not selected.
CNBC doing JPow dirty with this pic
How is the interest rate for loans made via the Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP) determined?
Can someone help me understand what is going on with USAA?
Switzerland faces pressure from at least one major government to intervene on Credit Suisse
Breaking News via Bloomberg
Joseph Gentile Destroying Capitalism
How everyone is looking at CS right now...
How to survive the next week and a half, a bear guide
Adjusted CET1 capital ratio for unrealised losses
#DWAC and Trump Media Being investigated for Money Laundering for Russians
Carl Icahn explains Twitter.
"Credit suisse is a great company"
FEDs are not bailing out banks, they are bailing out the bond market.
(Pure speculation) I think J Pow confirms 25 base pts, or pause.
Here is a list of companies that are currently exposed to high levels of debt financing and the incoming credit crunch. Choose your short.
Life moves pretty fast when you're having fun
The Roaring 20s
Jackson Hole 2.0 Speech Leak
Credit Swiss' chairman has a very appropriate name
#WAL buy at bottom :-)
am I nuts or is Nintendo the most undervalued stock on the market???
Banking crisis in a nut shell
Foolproof plan for women to gain financial success and freedom in 2023
FRC 30B sunk cost fallacy: The leverage is on the wall st.
Is this a yolo? Quantum yolo $IONQ
This post has been already terminated 3 times: 'Like 4chan found a Bloomberg Terminal', except we censor what we don't like all the time.
Doing the black ski run all the way to the bottom.......
$NVDA put yolo
Banking 101.
Bags of stones instead of nickel. They should do the Comex vaults next.
First republic bank to raise funds by issuing new shares despite already receiving $100 billion in funding
You're one to talk
UBS in talks to acquire Credit Suisse
'One day i'll make millions instead of hot pockets' - me being over-optimistic (about my ability to afford hot pockets)
Will Marijuana Save Us?
How are you guys trading this Price action?
378 or 405.. what comes next? 3-17-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Yield Weekly Market Recap and Analysis
I guess this is the right day for this meme? Or maybe wait a few more weeks?
US banks failure will cause crypto rush v.4.0
THE INVESTOOR
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of March 18, 2023
Imagine
DO NOT hold near-expiry Puts on any stock that might collapse. Brokers are refusing to honor Puts on halted bank stocks…
YOU WILL LOSE 100%
Just bought ABR
Best buys right now
The cycle of the market
What’s Gonna Happen Is That The Fed Is Going To Bail Out The Entire System
SVB Saga
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning March 20th, 2023
Fed poised to approve quarter-point rate hike next week, despite market turmoil
One of these days we'll figure it out, right? ...guys?
$BABA oversold? Buying calls
Red Crayons
How Jerome's Weekends Gonna Go
Could China ruin US hegemony this year?
How it feels
Noted... In the future only deposit into banks that can't fail
Fuck your calls and puts
JPOW did nothing wrong
NVDA put
WELP peeps there waiting and ready for the crash
Update from the fed
Summary of Yellen’s testimony yesterday
The BOIL regard, post your porn loss!
Deal of the year 💸💸 already backed by Bank of America.
How crazy was Silicon Valley Bank’s zero-hedge strategy?
FRC moments after the money hits
USA vs China - currently
40K Stock YOLO on BAC
How Jerome's Week Went
ready for that jpow energy
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-17
London (GB) economy maybe going down, but the islanders are getting drunk (LON:JDW) :D
1.2k—>8.3k fdx calls
Broader economic impact?
The explosion of the US housing market (TERRIFYING OUTCOME)
Inflation Expectations 3.8% vs 4.1% last month. Consumer Expectations 63.4 vs 67 - SVB attention analysis.
FedNow to come in July
$93k big bank yolo, too big to fail
WSB autist impresses the ladies
Credit Suisse getting desperate for liquidity
1... 2... FRED is coming for you...
Holy volatility (1 sec chart)
FRC: Buy at open or wait for the dip?
SPY YOLO profits from yesterday. Get ready for more dick today Bers!
So why can't the Fed just print infinite money?
Jamie Saves
CDR one of the strongest on Polish WIG20
Just saying we can still go down even if Fed started lending in the Discount window or increasing the balance sheet.
US trying to crash Credit Suisse?
Credit Suisse sheds another 5% as traders digest emergency liquidity
wMorgan Stanley upgrades Nvidia, cites A.I. tailwinds
Thank you for making it clear after all these years
AI CEO ON GPT-4: THIS CAN GET “SUPER-DANGEROUS VERY QUICKLY”
Here We Go Again
I think we should be bearish in every bank
BlackRock explored rival Credit Suisse takeover bid
ECB went ahead with 50bp hike. What hopium did our bond market smoke last week?
Fed Rate Hike Next Week
Bank substitution
Bank Failures 2001-2023 (Inflation Adjusted)
Covid or Hyperinflation?
Can QQQ reach $400 if Fed talks about thinking about cutting rates next week?
WSB discord
Do you think inflation is over considering that oil has fallen to $66
BTC is 20% up in 5 days, 30% down in 1 year
Jim Cramer is a moron who agrees?
Private Funds will be the next massive problem for the Fed.
And they it was Junk. First Republic bank gets ratings downgrade tonight.
Thoughts on binary option trading?
Guess where i discovered options!
$2 Trillion Visualized
Why First Republic Bank's Stock Probably won't Recover
Michael Burry’s Chart for Banks with regard to deposit ratio and unrealized losses
Meandering rant on banks and VR
Question about making money of dividends.😁
Can the Fed really dare not raise rates next week? Who would have thought that gold could rise 6% in a week?
Me rn failing and panic dumping on the collapse
Example of how long quantitative tightening lasted
sums it up
My life the last 4 weeks
15 years ago TO THE DAY JPMorgan buys Bear Stearns
Hindsight 20/20
The Insurance Sector and the Bank Bailout Effect
Bank Failure Stock and Options Trading Activity
No one guzzles leverage quite like Realtors, no one
DO NOT hold near-expiry Puts on any stock that might collapse. Brokers are refusing to honor Puts on halted bank stocks…YOU WILL LOSE 100%
Daily Discussion Thread for March 17, 2023
Jpow VW effect
Memes create dreams. We're going to the moon folks 🚀🫡
Sentiment on the bond market soon as bad as during the financial crisis
Why printer is back on… 2023 is worse than 2008 in terms of deposits held by failed banks.
European regulators criticise US ‘incompetence’ over Silicon Valley Bank collapse. STFU Europoors, We own da printer !
Government won't bail out the failing banks, so the big banks are bailing out the failing bank with OUR deposits, how is this different?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-18
What really matters
Inflation
How much money did you lose?
Silicon Bank Used 2️⃣ Launder Funds 4️⃣ Naked Short Stocks Sold By Hedge Funds/VC? Use Silicon/Embezzle💰💵 w/ Loans 4️⃣ Ponzi Companies ie FTX?
Some context for the current banking problems
Looking across ALL global currencies, gold is already well into an historic ATH run. Gold mining company stocks are WAY behind.
First Republic is conservatively worth $83 / share
In case you are wondering how it would work
Market Cycle Cheat Sheet
The Federal Reserve right now
$FRC When JP Morgan invests billions in uninsured deposits and gives a $62 price target but some rando hack analyst gives a $5 price target
UBS eyeing swoop for Credit Suisse amid fears of banking contagion
This was from deadpool vs carnage comic, a decade ago.
Decennial
The Art and Science of Spending Money - Morgan Housel (Some Real Weekend Food for Thought)
When a bank or hedge fund declares bankruptcy and is short any stock & they don’t have resources to cover
Accurate Swiss negotiations
Remembered this post from a few years ago after reading this article.
A story in three parts lmfao
I'm not a huge fan of technical analysis but Gold is forming a huge cup and handle formation that has been decades in the works.
2023-03-20 Wrinkle-brain Plays (Mathematically derived options plays)
How do you guys value stocks?
Pivot already started, Jpow will have to explain why he printed money last week at the FOMC meeting
Guess where I discovered options!
Question about making money of dividends.
ZIM Analysts have revised up earnings for 2023 to 42 cents from 24 cents after 3.44 was made 4th Qtr 20222, 6.40 Dividend announced🚀🌕
NVDA: Crypto Slump Ain't Holding Us Back – Gaming Revenues Ready to Blast Off! 💥🎮
Daddy Powell is ripped!
$FRC It’s just me and Buffett. LFG
You're never too big to fail, when you're FAMILY
Credit Suisse thinks UBS offer is too low and would hurt the share holders.
CS stock is down 98% so who will it hurt?
JUST IN: Credit Suisse is pushing back against UBS's $1 billion offer
DD on the First Republic Bank ($FRC)
Bloomberg: Credit Suisse said to push back against UBS $1 Billion offer.
UBS offers to buy Credit Suisse for $0.25 a share
RIP Shareholders - UBS offers to buy CS for up to $1bn. Swiss authorities expected to change country’s law to bypass UBS shareholder vote.
The only Debit Suisse chart that shows outperformance:
Interest rates hike and inflation - question
The Contagion of Credit Suisse default: Swiss interbank lending market for regional banks is collapsing
We just started
Anticipating the Fed’s Next Move.....how much the FED will raise rates
UBS nears deal to take over Credit Suisse: Report
How is the Bankrun Going around $FRC, First Republic Bank stores?
Retail Investor vs Accredited Investor
is jay powell like the “thinker” of the fed or the “face” of it
Regarding banks
Fed goes brrrrrrrrrrrrr
Jpow as the Joker dealing with the Banking Crisis!
Could this be a NEW squeeze opportunity?
Should the Fed’s new BTFP also offer long-term maturities?
Crazy Idea, Hear Me Out
Live look at jpow saving the banks
Not Banks, but Insurance is the problem. (Maybe)?
Troubled Banks
Puts on Stocktwits
Now this is the kind of financial news I want to see!
Friend of mine sent me this text asking where to buy SIVB stonks. Who’s gonna tell him?
Why is FRC Bank so undervalued?
UBS seeks US$6b in govt guarantees for Credit Suisse takeover: source
Next time, it’ll be different.
Berkshire Hathaway vs. S&P 500
Don’t worry
Too Big to Succeed - Rates, Bank closures and impending market turmoil
Learning from history, how will the Federal Reserve handle this crisis?
If our banking system was a gySo hot
Midsize U.S. banks reportedly ask the FDIC to insure all deposits for two years
John Oliver talking about Banks and Jim Cramer
Saw this headline, excited for whatever you guys are up to
Portfolio shuffle, all in into gold!!
These spam bots are getting a bit annoying
Powell’s bane
#DWAC Trump is soon to be indicted and just posted his first message on Facebook, is anyone betting that #DWAC is going to survive?
Question about low-interest rate mortgages during a bank collapse?
Super Bank Creampie
hella catchy
Does CEO matter in stock returns? A look at select tickers.
ECONOMIC RESEARCH FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF ST. LOUIS. Why Are the Wealthiest So Wealthy Report
Line Rider on bank stocks 🛷📉
Despite UBS and Credit Squeeze's refusal to merge, Switzerland government is now forcing UBS to hold Debit Suisse's bags
Midsize US Banks Ask FDIC to Insure All Deposits for Two Years
I’m Gonna Wreck It!!!
Powell is getting ready for more QE injections. I heard he’s jonesing for them.
Age of Easy Money PBS Frontline
At the rate you`re going will there ever come a time when you will be a able to trade the NASDAQ @ $100K a point?
What's going on with Pactiv-Evergreen (PTVE)?
Short NASDAQ: SFM
4 Emotions of a BAD Stock Trade
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-20
Car lenders are loaning on over 100% retail value. Price adjustments are coming, short auto lenders?
A wallstreetbets regard, even when he is a FRC insider.
FRC $20K Yolo | 420x Call Contracts | Expire 03/24/2023 | 35.00 Strike | 50c Cost Basis
First Republic Bank - May not survive by this Friday. Powell keep on increasing rates.
The bear market for stocks is almost over but the last phase may be 'vicious,' Morgan Stanley CIO says.
The real victims are the banks. If you disagree with my take IDC. I spent more time (not long) making the video than planning my positions.
Imagine being the bond holder reading that equity was given preference over you 🤣.
Ruble Goldberg Machine.
Bloomberg Terminal FRC Long Term Value.
I think this is the last straw. I’m exhausted and tired. I don’t think I can keep going.
BANKS RIGHT NOW.
Credit Suisse promises to pay bonuses despite UBS rescue.
RIP Janet Yellen. Committed seppoku so that she wouldn’t be wrong in saying there wouldn’t be another financial crisis in her lifetime.
The last few weeks in a nutshell.
The Famous Ball and Shaft Pattern - TA says up or down?
Trust me, guys, this one goes 🚀🚀.
Study finds 186 banks vulnerable to SVB-like collapse.
Fate of First Republic uncertain as shares plummet again.
Amazon announces 9,000 job cuts in the face of uncertain economy.
Regional banks and uninsured deposits. Can you name a better duo?
Feds and Inflation.
Jamie Dimon Leading Efforts to Craft New First Republic Bank Rescue Plan.
How did SVB slip through regulators' fingers?
Best Options Report Week of March 20th.
Jerome Powell FOMC Quotes & Market Prediction.
Fake Jobs, Fake Economy, Fake Money, is anything real?
$11k NVDA Long Put YOLO (plus a little chicanery insurance) — wish me luck!!
Fed found problems with SVB four years ago, but still let the Black Swan event happen...
Here I go again!
My losses are offset by my gains = back to 0.
The $17 billion wipeout of Credit Suisse bondholders has not gone down well in Europe.
March 20 replay, see short do short.
Morning Briefing 🌞 Mar 20th 2023.
PACW update, has 10.8 billion in cash and can cover all uninsured deposits! Bullish!
But what about MBS as the rates have skyrocketed?
UBS shares slide 5%, Credit Suisse craters 60% after takeover deal.
Question about Peloton Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Financial Covenant.
SBF is surprised.
AT1 to CET1 evaluation after Credit Suisse crisis.
State of matters.
Global stocks sink after Credit Suisse takeover.
Daily Discussion Thread for March 20, 2023.
Credit Suisse (CSGN.SW) down 60+% in European markets. Blood is on the streets.
With the Credit Suisse saga mostly sorted now, the markets this morning seem to be in a good mood. Good price action in US30 Futures.
Bank giant UBS has officially announced its full acquisition of Credit Suisse.
Is it value investment to buy Credit Suisse at Fr0.7 a share?
$cs 4/21 1.5p what's going to happen.
Credit Suisse down -56% in Pre-market on takeover from UBS! Nice.
And the dip goes on...
New Bankfall Chronicles.
FED Cooperates With A Series Of Central Banks To Enhance USD Liquidity.
Stocks will go up, Real Estate will go down.
60GB Deutsche Bank data allegedly for sale on the dark web...
I’m tired, boss.
MR. Everchosen.
Well, that worked… 🤔.
Somebody explain this.
DB up next for collapse?
UBS is not paying $3 billion (or any other amount) for Credit Suisse.
Confused on why Futures Nasdaq Index isn't crashing whereas Dow Jones Index is going off a cliff.
A short-story repost; from Evergrande to UBS 😂.
QE for Me, QT for Thee.
What's next for the US Dollar?
Sadly can’t relate to the potential crisis.
Fixed view of Zurich Paradeplatz.
Sharon Stone: I lost half my fortune in the banking crisis (One of Us!).
$CS right now…
CEO of Credit Suisse goes on media saying liquidity is very very strong, then sells it to UBS for pennies on the dollar.
Can anyone point out the flaws in my masterful plan?
Briefing On Charles Schwab.
Can someone ELI5 what shadow banking is?
2023 Bank customer service.
It will be a $420 Billion offer by Tomorrow Open.
The Greeks explained in a dick joke ... (sigh).
Danger!
UBS buys Credit Suisse - About effn time.
$25.7K YOLO on AMD NVDA, my gf is out with Powell tonight.
Are futures a joke?
Hey! I've seen this one before!
Unemployed guy explains Greeks.
This didn't age well.
Rock and a hard place.
Will the Fed give the greatest head fake of all time and slap a 50bps this week?
UBS Agrees to Buy Credit Suisse for More Than $3 Billion.
A disturbance.
Banking in 2024.
UBS.... they're the big cheese now.
Does starting a position in $TLT make sense this week?
Everything is going to be fine.
Bearish Decoupling: What we missed about the Bank Failures.
How far is this bank crisis going?
Breaking: Emergency Fed Chair Speech before FOMC - JPOW speaks.
S&P cuts First Republic deeper into junk, says $30 billion infusion may not solve problems.
Lieutenant Dan Got Me Invested In Some Kind Of Fruit Company.
See, I'm a Perma-Bull myself but... Once the MA ribbon goes red, Bers win. There is still a 43% drop ahead within 37 weeks if they do.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
Low effort JPOW meme 🐻🌈.
Strange behavior of Tesla bonds.
Seems we finally know what Credit Suisse is really worth…
To all Clown Coin Owners!!!!
Wtf is wrong with Cramer?
Flashback: On June 2017, Janet Yellen said "I don't believe we'll see another financial crisis in our lifetime."
JPMorgan Chase thought it had $1.3 million worth of nickel stored in a warehouse. A closer examination revealed bags of stones.
The banking industry is really buzzing, and three related points to ponder. With a small survey: What do you think the Fed will do tomorrow?
Tiny First Republic Bank, Uncle Yellen Got Your Backstop.
Shoutout from Elon.
Credit Suisse's decline continues! First Republic Bank "stops the bleeding" and rises more than 14 in pre-market.
Investor Leon Cooperman says the US is going through a 'textbook' financial crisis and the S&P 500 won't hit a new high for a long time.
Inflation everywhere. Banks crash or consumers default.
RedHill Initiates First Community-Setting Warranty Program to Refund Talicia Non-Responders.
The original "when to make money" bro from the 1800s.
Coupla months earlier.
Treasury Secretary Yellen says the government could backstop more deposits if necessary to stop contagion.
Three aggressive rejections followed by a breakdown on vix, bears are fucked.
TXN all set to 195 and beyond.
Daily Discussion Thread for March 21, 2023.
How the Swiss ‘trinity’ forced UBS to save Credit Suisse.
Me trying to find a safe place for my money.
First Republic Bank shares sink to another record low.
If boring Switzerland can’t save its banks, who can?
After some intense "studying," they realized that they needed $17 trillion to guarantee all bank deposits.
3 days, I lost ~ 80k from 40k to negative 43k. I will sue Fidelity.
Robinhood Gold.
Embracing reality.
Will the death of the regional banks be the death of the US economy?
This isn’t going to end well...
The Absurdity of Modern Finance 🥲.
This is bullish, right?
Visiting Robinhood tomorrow. Any spicy questions for them?
Dobby is a free elf, Dobby needs a pause.
The Minsky Moment (New Yorker Article from Jan 27, 2008).
The Gov and Fed created a ticking time bomb.
Bloomberg: US Studies Ways to Guarantee ALL Bank Deposits If Crisis Expands.
So what’s it gonna be J Pow.
The Fed only had $128 billion in FDIC insurance funds. It gave SVB and Signature Bank $143 billion. It has no more money for bailouts 🤔.
Bitcoin breaking 50 and 200 moving average on the weekly. The last time this occurred, the run was 600% in 10 months. Currently target is $80k.
Treasury yields rose on Monday after UBS' acquisition of Credit Suisse.
How the sub has looked in the past couple of days $FRC.
The calm before the storm… 2 days till FOMC. 3-20-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Daily Market Analysis.
[DD] Trump is getting arrested tomorrow. Puts on SPX.
EMAs/SMAs differing platform to platform on the same stock at the same time?
Only JPOW can save $FRC and My Account.
Financial Crisis 101: The Problem with Interest Rate Shocks.
How do you profit from bull put spreads???
What will happen to the $19 billion of Russian assets frozen at Credit Suisse? 🥶
History doesn’t repeat but surely rhymes $CS.
First Republic Bank.
The only lambo wallstreetbets users can afford.
The Speech This Wednesday Goes Like This.
Neinthing to see here.
Deutsche Bank default up next / inconsistency with AT-1 (Additional Tier 1) notes.
Nouriel Roubini recommended to buy a house, gold, etc...
Can't short $NU stock on eToro.
If You've got Calls- Do you have deposits too? $FRC.
Coordinated central banks action.
Shit about to go down this Wednesday.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 21, 2023.
STABILIZING STATEMENTS ARE HERE.
10K NVDA PUTS YOLO.
Some quick math on FRC.
Bogus "research shop" attempts to torpedo ABR and now they're buying back $50m to squeeze their nutz.
Nvidia belongs in your portfolio.
The only publicly traded magnesium alloy metal company HQ in the USA, Western Magnesium Corporation.
Somehow NVDA managed to enter a bigger bubble than Sep 2021! "iT's A bUy."
EOY 2023.
Pivot or not to Pivot...
FRC $20K Yolo | 420x Call Contracts | Expire 03/24/2023 | 35.00 Strike | 50c Cost Basis.
Fate of First Republic Uncertain as Shares Plummet Again.
Fed found problems with SVB four years ago, but still let the Black Swan event happen ....
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-21
Morning Briefing 🌞 Mar 21th 2023.
How the Fed and banks are losing trust step by step with a forecasted 25 basis point rate hike.
Banking situation visualized.
Well, either knowing it makes no sense, when articles like this surface all over the place, it typically means I should get some Calls.
Unpopular opinion but the Fed will probably hike 50 bps.
What is About to Happen.
10T Balance sheet by EoY Prediction!
Hmm.. (part 2).
The market estimates the odds for a 25bps hike tomorrow to be 86.4%.
$46k FRC yolo.
Tesla is poised to report one of its best quarters in China, the latest retail sales data showed. - Reuters.
Artificial Treasury Prop-up. Here's to 200 bps hike tomorrow to negate that.
Calls it is!
What will prevail in the CS Merger, exchange rate or deal value.
The Biggest Banking Crisis of US History | RAY DALIO'S LAST WARNING.
NKE: A movie in the offing and more Upside.
Best Options to Trade 4 Weeks Out.
Home sales spike 14.5% in February as the median price drops for the first time in over a decade.
BlackBerry Announces New Patent Sale Transaction with Leading Patent Monetization Company for Up to $900 Million.
Sweden's Alecta Sold First Republic Stake at a $727 million loss.
Personal analysis of this Fed rate hike.
This isn’t going to end well..
The Fed only had $128 billion in FDIC insurance funds. It gave SVB and Signature bank $143 billion. It has no more money for bailouts 🤔.
What will happen to the 19$ billion of Russian assets frozen at Credit Suisse? 🥶
The only publicly traded magnesium alloy metal company HQ in the USA, Western Magnesium Corporation!
Amazon announces 9,000 job cuts in the face of an uncertain economy.
UK inflation rises to 10.4%.
Expert who coined 'quantitative easing' says Fed too powerful | Fortune.
LUCID TO THE MOON! Last chance to hop on the train 😤😤.
To the moon! The interest payments of the US Government as old debt is rolled into new one.
Priced in?
Eggcellent DD - Cal-Maine Foods ($CALM).
I know the deal, congrats and fuck me 🫡❤️ i’ll fuck your wife too 💰🥳.
Aped $1k into GME calls yesterday - LFG.
To raise or not to raise? How does the Fed choose as banks blow up and hit hyperinflation? What do you think?
When to start stop shorting U.S. stocks.
Ty GME + 14.1k.
Insider Trading Weekly Update #031: A(nother) Buffett of Oil | Financial Sector Insiders Buy Bank Shares in Droves | Insider Trading Recap.
Thank you for hodling for me $GME gains $252k - $24k cost basis.
Where will the stock market go after tomorrow's Fed meeting?
Jim Cramer is shilling NVIDIA.
Interest Rate Meeting.
$TLRY 🌿🔥 😎 CNBC News - "Cannabis in Germany will be a success story: Europe’s biggest economy moves closer to weed legalization".
Jpow at 2:30pm.
How today will go ….(bears r fkt).
Daily Discussion Thread for March 22, 2023.
Time to short the absolute fuck out of NVDA - P/E of 120 with stalled revenue and declining earnings growth.
America’s banks are missing hundreds of billions of dollars.
UK inflation jumps to 10.4%. 0.5% ahead of what analysts expected. The government also just gave a pay raise to Publ. Sector + actual stimmys.
DAY 12 / HYPERINFLATION TRACKER.
Retirements a relative concept at this point.
This fucking guy...
Looks like there was hope...
Nvidia released a new "nuclear bomb", Google chatbot is also coming, computing power stocks again on the tide of halt.
UBS-Credit Suisse Takeover Could Lay Off 30k workers.
Pop Quiz Hotshot! The FOMC meeting is here and inflation is still out of control but now banks are taken hostage with rates, what do you do?
The past 2 weeks.
Merry Powell Eve - He sneakin down your chimney.
NVDA got me feeling like...
How I know we're in for a shit storm.
Shorts are Clucked 🐔🚀💰📈.
When I explain to people what WSB is.
Basis points predictions?
Small Apple Scalp.
How are we supposed to expect the markets to react to Jpow tomorrow?
Goldman betting against Fed Raise.
17 million Disallowed loss on options losses?
Eggon: "Are You Not Entertained?!".
The face ripper bear market is just around the corner, boys.
Banks issuing additional tier 1 capital.
Switzerland’s emergency rescue of Credit Suisse could cost each and every Swiss person $13,500.
White House Takes Aim at Crypto in Scathing Economic Report.
Pulte Homes is going to tank!!!
Disrespect your seniors.
2023-03-22 Wrinkle-brain Plays (Mathematically derived options plays).
50 Mil in profit after 2.2 BIL in sales.
‘Already past the point of no return’: JPMorgan says the U.S. is probably headed for a recession as economic ‘engines are about to turn off’.
2DTE 30k SPY PUTS.
Washington prepares for war with Amazon on mergers, antitrust, privacy, and more.
(GME) Gamestop earnings. Let's take a closer look...
Started with little to nothing in January…back behind Wendy’s dumpster or naw 🤔.
15k YOLO into FRC.
Options seem super easy when you play conservatively...?
Nike Released Earnings Today. Let's Take an In-Depth Look.
The state of the market this week.
NVDA put yolo.
Pivot release was leaked in pre-market to Wall Street. -12% unwind is big banks going long ahead of FOMC tmr.
U.S. stocks were up 1% at the beginning of the session. First Republic Bank rallies 36% from new lows.
Reno 911! Federal Reserve Edition.
The $VIX just gave the middle finger to all the put holders today 😂 including myself 😭.
Pre-FOMC day… let the show begin! 3-21-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Yield Daily Market Analysis.
After the banking crisis, what's next for the $8 trillion MBS market?
Stanford business study shows bank values are actually $2 trillion lower than book value.
Help, I don't know what I'm doing.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 22, 2023.
Never going to be able to retire?
Saudi Arabia Lost $1 Billion or 80% on its Credit Suisse Investment.
Small & Medium-Sized Banks Are Getting Worried.
First Republic New Debts.
Odds for 25 rate hike are 86.4%… How JPow be like tomorrow… "The consumer is strong".
RRP v. Liquitities.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-22
Have no clue how stocks work just trying to get into it.
Who’s going down next?
Federal Reserve Chairman Powell: participants believe that this year will not cut interest rates.
Today.
1 day vs All Time.
DLO vs Muddy Waters.
9 consecutive times! Fed raises rates again by 25 percentage points.
Powell Speech Summary and Translation for Smooth Brains🦉🌳✨.
Nobody Expects...The Fed, for the last 9 months.
Calls on grandma's money market account.
sh-tpost.
My dad died 7,500,000+ in the red.
My comment aged well 👀.
Don't want to "scare" the markets of course.
Social Trading Tools on FTMO for friends?
Pre-mature bailout??
Just ordered pizza and found this on my napkin...
Stock Market News from Today (03/22/2033).
When in doubt, zoom out.
Bankers better start pulling up their socks.
AMD put. Not bad.
SEC is Suing COIN.
This is the guy who saved your puts today. The market turned after this question.
Puts on Google & Stackoverflow, Calls on Microsoft.
BTC Hits 28.9k - Binance CEO says “those who attack BITCOIN will fail”.
I am getting my ass raped by PSNY, should I give up?
The loan market tells us stocks are about to fall off a cliff.
So how deep is this banking crisis?
JPOW: " No cuts this year" Me: IS THE PIVOT IN THE ROOM WITH US NOW BULLS?
10 year - 3 month spread - Hold on to your butts.
FOMC Day… HAWK Powell… 3-22-23 SPY/ ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR Yield Daily Market Analysis.
I blame all of YOU for inflation.
Dot plot analysis December meeting versus now.
Setting stop losses when volatility is expected.
And they say TA doesn't work - SPX action today.
Exclusive: JPOW follow up to Sunday night comments during FOMC press conference.
It's going down even more tomorrow shoutout to all the doubters in my yolo post.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 23, 2023.
I'm doing it again, as promised. Let's get some chairs in this bitch.
Fed increased rates by 25 basis points. Further rate increase possible. NO rate cut 2023. Yellen no insurance beyond 250K.
Thanks Jerome 🫡.
Puts on GME just cause I think it’s gonna sell off tomorrow.
Thanks FED...
FOMC - Lost on every single trade, both up AND down 🤡.
Do I belong here?
Pre-powel gains.
JPow, Nooooo!!!!!!
Federal Reserve raises interest rates 0.25% to highest since 2007 amid bank crisis.
Fed projection charts are out.
Fed hikes rates by a quarter percentage point despite recent turmoil in the banking sector.
Best Options Report 4 Weeks Out.
The Best Inverse ETFs to Trade - Inverse ETF List.
Crises not crisis.
Economy sht jerome powell will be a homie with 75bp hike ez money.
Still bullish despite FOMC.
Which bank stock is next?
Economy go brrrrr.
UK inflation rate in surprise rise to 10.4% as salad crisis pushes up prices | Inflation.
I can't see any good rate move.
RIP the NVDA bears that helped drive these gains.
UK inflation jumps to 10.4%. 0.5% ahead of what analysts expected. The government also just gave a pay raise to Publ. Sector +actual stimmys.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-23
The Bank of England was not deterred by the banking crisis and raised interest rates by 25 basis points as expected.
Come back when you’re a bank.
Banks with the largest exposure to CRE/Tier1, if you are looking for short targets.
Opening | U.S. stocks open collectively higher on three major indices, Block down more than 17%.
OpenAI's Business Strategy - What is their End Game?
Tesla shares (NASDAQ:TSLA) have shown some volatility during the past weeks, but a Wall Street veteran has noted that the electric vehicle mAs I expected. The Fed raised rates by 25 basis points.
Reddit has officially killed Talks. We're live on Discord now!
The tasteful thickness of Jerome's card.
Pre-Market! Musk speaks out, slams Fed rate hike! Coinbase slumped 12% after a sudden shortfall.
US Senator Ted Cruz Introduces CBDC Development Ban Bill.
This might be of interest to some, based on this morning's news.
DV: A Stock to take note of.
SEC Issues Wells Notice to Coinbase, Shares Fall 12%.
Betting against banks.
Jobless Claims - Daily Trading Report.
Hindenburg Research is out!
Well, well, well. What do we have here?
The $4 Trillion Dollar Man get anyone else?
Why This Banking Crisis Won’t Wreck the Economy.
Addressing Semiconductor Supply Chain Risks - Time to Diversify?
Daily Discussion Thread for March 23, 2023.
Summary of today's FOMC meeting: The labor market remains too strong.
Swiss central bank hikes interest rates by 50 basis points despite Credit Suisse turmoil.
Hedging is for regards, real banks HODL!!!
Reality vs. Powell.
It's been a long 3 days.
How was trading on FOMC meeting day?
J Pow can't be contained.
Trading 101.
The Next Shoe to Drop - 20 trillion in commercial real estate.
With great power comes great sacrifice.
35k Gain - AMD 90c 4/21.
Goldman Sachs also embraces AI after Big Morgan: uses GPT-like technology to help developers write code.
CRISPR?
Texas Lawmaker Launches Resolution to Protect Bitcoin Investors, Support BTC Economy – Regulation Bitcoin News.
MACD on the weekly just produced a sell signal on SPY.
It closed sharply lower on Wednesday, led by regional bank stocks. The Fed announced a 25 basis point rate hike, while acknowledging that tu.
Rate Hike Today... Going to leave this here.
Fed Funds Futures are Calling BS on Powell.
Secretary Becerra provides update on Cannabis Schedule Review - End of Prohibition may be close!
The three major stock indexes closed down collectively, the Fed announced a 25 basis point rate hike.
A Review of Winners & Losers from March 23 Expiration (Infographic).
4 Trillion dollar corrective response.
Gamble or Smarts?
FOMC Yolo: $100,000+ 0DTE.
The Future Of The Economy Comes Down To One Thing.
Powell Speech Summary and Translation for Smooth Brains.
The Fed, for the last 9 months.
Its going down even more tomorrow shoutout to all the doubters in my yolo post.
I know the deal, congrats and fuck me 🫡❤️ i’llfuck your wife too 💰🥳
To raise or not to raise?
How does the Fed choose as banks blow up and hit hyperinflation?
What do you think?
Ty GME + 14.1k
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-24
Banks are getting into a big problem.
Why is this happening in 2023?
Are these some scars from Covid-19 back in 2020?
Oh China...
Anyone else's tax guy sigh at you?
Love the printer detail.
Dow Jones Futures Fall as Deutsche Bank Shares Sell Off on Rising Default Risks.
Deutsche Bank Shares Plunge Over 9%.
Deutsche Bank shares plummet amid concerns over European banking stability.
Daily Discussion Thread for March 24, 2023.
Deutsche Bank shares slide after a sudden spike in the Credit Default Swaps.
Binance To Increase Staff in El Salvador After Bukele’s Zero Tech Tax Bill.
Which sectors do you think will perform well in 2023?
El Salvador President Proposes Zero Taxation on Technology Innovations.
What do I do when I haven't paid my taxes?
Why does WeBull call FD's "0DTE Options"?
Primed for Disruption: The Rise of Generative AI in Investor Relations.
Could the FIMA facility usage be related to Deutsche Bank?
Please help.
I have not slept in days.
This is everything I have… I’m devastated… I was told the stock would be $1 soon.
Should I get out?
Is options easy?
I’m telling my kids this was the banking crisis of 2023.
Given Credit Suisse's trouble, I'm legitimately shocked.
American Households Likely to Sell $750 Billion in Stocks, Goldman Sachs Estimates - Higher yields, lower personal savings to drive selling.
Baidu is faking its AI and only developed a wrapper for stable diffusion.
Bank stocks fell again, is this a good opportunity to buy at the bottom?
What's Your Worst Trade?
Lessons Learned from Recent Bank Failures.
The Superior Technical Indicator.
$6B disappears in one story.
Do we really cross the point of no return for a recession?
For all your securities loss class action needs!
Bulls vs Bears when they finally get their way.
$UEC short report.
Market Tug-of-War: Unraveling the High-Stakes Battle to Defend the 200-Day Moving Average.
Western Union is trading at 2009 lows - 9% Div Yield.
I don't understand anything apparently.
Carson Block glow up.
The scrutiny on TikTok could be bad news for U.S. companies, Fast Money traders say.
The Stock Market Hit a Pandemic Bottom 3 Years Ago.
Here's How It Has Performed Since Then.
Market Recap | Stocks Rise as Investors Weigh Central-Bank Moves.
Decent entry.
Fed Balance Sheet.
Uranium Energy Corp. (UEC) Falls -14.73 after short report.
Blockbuster is coming back!
Am no saying the printer go brrrr but the printer goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
17k SPY calls 1-4DTE - y’all too bearish.
$AMBI to $15-20 in few days what you guys think?
The economists will say record jobs available is a good thing.
This incorrect.
What a rollercoaster of a day… 3-23-23 SPY/ES Futures, VIX, DXY and 10YR YIELD Daily Market Analysis.
Can somebody tell me why options are addicting?
0DTE.
Bought puts all along the ride up this morning till all-in.
Down 10k at 11 am.
Up 18k by 3 pm.
~$17K SPY Put Yolo 85 DTE.
I don't think people really understand the impact of the rate hikes at a large scale...
Fraport - what’s going on?
Banks continue to rely on Fed liquidity as financial turmoil persists.
NVDIA Short Trade Setup.
Regulation CF with Cytonics Corp?
They're beginning human trials soon and awaiting FDA approval.
Any ideas on how/where to open a short position against the $USD?
How to successfully gamble your retirement funds.
$85k Gains (+92%) in 10 months.
Sent to my friend from her bank, literally speechless.
First Republic Bank (FRC), Firm Investigating Rating Agencies' Cut to Junk and Possible Securities Law Violations.
Real Life 'Ted Lasso'?
Apple May Get Into English Football - Just Not AFC Richmond.
Central banks hike rates as turmoil hits bank shares again.
Banking Crisis Strikes!
A large group of macro hedge funds hit hard, with the biggest drop of 32%.
Printer go Brrrr for the second week.
Capitulation Liquidity Pull.
When you try to trade FOMC.
0DTE Jackpot: $280,000+ in 4 Hours.
Full Regard Edition.
Banning TikTok would boost Alphabet, Meta, and Snap—Here’s how much their stocks could jump.
NVDA is up 74% since ChatGPT release (152% since Oct bottom).
Overvalued by ANY metric.
What will trigger a repricing?
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 24, 2023.
I got the $2570s this morning for $8.
Sold the same day for $46.
BKNG is all I play.
A Thank You To All The Regard Bulls! 🤏🏻
Two modes of the main fund-raising and three types of stocks to lie down and win the stock market.
Love me a good pump.
879% <> 20k Gain.
🌈 🐻 Proof that the bull market has started?
Anyone here know about Milton Friedman?
What happens to covered calls when delisting happens?
The Hindenburg report on Square.
S&P 500 rallies as tech reigns supreme after Fed fallout.
Knock knock.
You're next.
That’s cuz they survived every recession since 1920.
Retail investors target U.S. small-cap IPOs amid market turmoil.
Took 1 trade to go green, was down $3k.
There… I fixed it…
Bitcoin or Barclays in a crash?
Hawaiian banks as a refuge during the current turbulence in the regional banking sector.
Don't you love parabolas?
Do you think there is still a banking crisis?
New Account 10x Speedrun.
How long till I lose it all?
Tomorrow or Monday.
270K SPX APPL NVDA puts.
Money Printer Go Brr (Sad Edition).
YOLO?
Got approved for options recently and bet my entire account on a collapse.
I’m in college, is this regarded enough?
For all the degens that want to learn a bit - ITM vs. ATM Options Comparison.
TA Challenge: Put Volume-Weighted Average Price (VWAP) into your day trading toolbox.
AAP - Advanced Auto Parts.
Block’s statement on short seller report.
Strongly believe in GOTU.
Off-hours Trading Impact.
I expect a mini-run to a decent run.
But then…
Stop loss on my 100 SPY 400 3/31 hit.
Was at 160k but I’ll take 154k with a 10k gain.
Minus is where I bought, Plus is where I sold.
Nasdaq leads Wall Street rally as hopes of Fed rate-hike pause grow.
I bought $SCHW at $58. I’m in for a roller coaster. Nothing to see here. Bullish.
Aren't Tier 1 Msos (Cannabis) Looking Attractive for Long Term Trade?
OpenAI helped with homework so I bought AI ticker.
U.S. regional bank liquidity risk continues to spread as market rate hike expectations cut sharply.
Been trying a new trading strategy. Buy high... for those who trade spy(SPX) calls/puts what is your strategy?
Meow me.
A massive gains/losses counter that everyone contributed to would be cool to watch.
Is there an ETF/ETN that exposes me to the Norwegian krone (or Nordic currencies in general)?
I’m Project POW And I’m Down For My Crown Mang.
We have come full circle! Time to buy MSFT.
Jesus Christ... that's Jason Bourne.
Sounds about right LOL: “Nearly $100 billion in deposits pulled from banks; officials call system 'sound and resilient'”.
Silly bers.
All in FRC Roth IRA.
Value hail mary.
Did everyone fill out their march madness brackets?
21k SPY Calls 1-3DTE PT.2 - y’all keep being bearish.
What would happen if Cramer said he was bullish on $SJIM and that was the only ETF or stock he talked about until his retirement?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-25
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of March 25, 2023.
Volatility in mortgage rates will lead to further deterioration of the U.S. real estate sector in 2023.
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning March 27th, 2023.
It’s not looking great, boys.
Good? Bad? Little bit of both?
Don’t Get Me Wrong, but how is it possible that the Dow and everything is up?
Deutsche Bank is not the next Credit Suisse, analysts say, as panic spreads.
Cathie Wood Today Buys $21M Of Block Stock; And Sells Over $27M In Tesla.
Going in big.
Deutsche Bank kiss of death.
Who would win? Bank of America Identifies the Next Bubble And Says Investors Should Sell Stocks Rather Than Buy Them After the Last Rate Hike.
Backstopping deposits doesn't mean the banks won't fail - here's who's next.
Traders bet on Fed rate cut as early as June amid fears of banking crisis.
You Know Oils in Trouble When OPEC Has This Front & Center on Their Own Website.
A Fool's guide for Option Greeks.
I read that S&P 500 became 119 fold over the past 50 years.
Short Sellers on the prowl.
3-24-23 Banks are oversold.
Signature Bank Founders Lost a Small Fortune in Bank Collapse: Prior, their Signature holdings dropped 80 percent. After seizure, all vanished.
$NVDA short term bearish with head and shoulders pattern. 3/31 $250 puts printing 👀 #NFA.
A very brief post from March 24.
The market is being held up by 7 companies.
SOFI stock? Potential or nah?
Interesting Short-Seller Drama Playing Out on Twitter with SGML.
Deutsche Bank shares drop amid global jitters over banks.
FLNG- Heard they will be getting a nice jump today. 4/21 C.
The swap contract completely rules out a Fed rate hike in May and continues to reflect a rate cut before the end of the year.
Bank of America: Money fund assets hit record high as investors are cashing out at the fastest pace since the epidemic.
March 24 stock market views.
Deciphering the direction of the stock market after the confusing Powell speech.
Calls and Puts options.
Will further banks restrict transactions to exchanges like Coinbase?
S&P PMI Today - Daily Trading Report.
2/3 of QT has been reversed.
Whenever we think we have it bad...
Probably should've held judging from this morning, but can't be too upset (sold for 4.20).
Microsoft-Activision merger CMA revision.
A key indicator says a recession is guaranteed in 2023 — and Bill Ackman, Nouriel Roubini, and others are warning of trouble ahead.
To my knowledge, wouldn't the vast majority of non-full-time investors just be better off by investing in the S&P 500?
Please help. I have not slept in days. This is everything I have… I’m devastated… I was told the stock would be $1 soon. Should I get out?
What's Your Worst Trade? Lessons Learned from Recent Bank Failures.
The Stock Market Hit a Pandemic Bottom 3 Years Ago. Here's How It Has Performed Since Then.
Uranium Energy Corp. (UEC) Falls -14.73 after a short report.
Am no saying the printer go brrrr, but the printer goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
$AMBI to $15-20 in a few days, what you guys think? 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Earnings recession on the way: 2023 SPX bottoms up EPS ests - financials expected to grow 21% 🤡 (source: modestproposal1 on Twitter).
Europe is f*cked.
Someone has a humiliation fetish.
When WorldCom 2.0.
On god.
Banks in 2008 vs 2023, what’s the difference?
Wanting to buy Credit Suisse while they're dead, per se.
1.9% of Deposits is Not Systemic Collapse.
Today is not a good day to die.
Market Recap | Stocks Edge Higher as Pressure on Banks Continues.
Ford CEO: Tesla is going to see 'more price competition' in the EV market.
The Financial Crisis explained by Jack Mallers.
The OTHER Cramer indicator.
European bank stocks bear the brunt of recessionary trading in full swing.
Is it time to 1929 already? I was getting hungry for some soup.
Potential crisis out of the European banking system, the dollar is starting to bounce!
Bulls are back in control, The Ole Cup and Handle… 3-24-23 SPY/ ES Futures, and VIX Yield Weekly Market Analysis.
JPOWs cure for inflation.
Would it be 2008 again?
Dow Jones Index, future trades on Index, long, short.
LULU Earnings.
Markets Falling Before Deutsche Bank Bankruptcy Contagion Worries.
Danny Boy in talks with big banks?
The fed can't keep bailing banks out.
Taken from the securities portfolio section of Signature Bank's 2021 annual report. This aged well.
Now Hiring Repo Men for the Pounding Banks and Dealers are Going to Feel Soon!
MercadoLibre Investment Thesis.
Square 1.5k to 14k overnight.
What are you doing, Uncle Powell? 🌈🐻 gotta do what a 🌈🐻 gotta do.
Sometimes You Have To Trade The Fridge For The Upgrades.
PSQ vs SQQQ Volume.
'Bond Kings' Bill Gross and Jeffrey Gundlach predict an imminent US recession as surging interest rates strangle growth.
Brokerage at Schwab.
Down 87%… hoping the banks fall apart over the weekend.
Busboys of WSB - how's business going?
2023-03-27 Wrinkle Brain Plays - In the style of Hermione Granger.
Still waiting, Cathie.
Expected moves for next week.
Good news, everyone!
The Idiots Guide to Why the CRE Market just entered a Negative Feedback Loop.
You will be hearing about 'Credit Default Swaps' ("CDSs") a lot in the coming days. Let me explain it simply:
OpenAI helped with homework, so I bought AI ticker.
For those who trade spy(SPX) calls/puts, what is your strategy?
Sounds about right LOL: “Nearly $100 billion in deposits pulled from banks; officials call the system 'sound and resilient'”.
Did everyone fill out their March Madness brackets?
Signature Bank Founders Lost Small Fortune in Bank Collapse: Prior, their Signature holdings dropped 80 percent. After seizure, all vanished.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-26
Ok, just let me cook for a little. Dow Jones Index, new trading idea.
Feedback on BUX Zero.
How the fuck are people still getting surprised?
Hope everyone has been mentally preparing for next week.
Cramer syndrome - RIP Deutsche Bank.
You guys are making money?
Markets falling before Deutsche Bank bankruptcy contagion worries.
The Fed can't keep bailing banks out.
Good news everyone!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-03-27
DD - Warren Buffet new TSLA forecast (very bullish) 🚀🚀
Sell your (extra) house and leave money on the bank - or wait for house prices to possibly drop further?
The truth behind the current U.S. market?
Carnival Corp - CCL.
They are indeed highly regarded if they still work there.
TTWO! GTA 6!
FRC is one to watch, here is why:
Swiss finance minister justified "forced to buy": Credit Suisse cannot last a day, do not acquire is the global financial crisis.
Everybody’s a winner 🥇!
NT lifetime commissions.
Banks are just paper bags with fancier walls.
CNBC no longer showing CDS data for certain institutions (03/26/2023) - JPMCD5, BACCD5, WFCCD5.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, March 27, 2023.
AVAV — big boy drones for defense.
Banks Risk Management.
Airline Stocks.
6 Key economic events this week (and why each is important).
Eggon says “DB go up” ⬆️ 👀🚀🌕.
ULTIMATE DD: $ATVI Moon Mission - Microsoft's Takeover = FREE MONEY! 💰💰
The Floor Could Still Fall Out of This Stock Market.
LEI looks exactly like 2008. Gradual crash, small rally, and then the nuke drops.
Improved Federal reserve crisis solution chart.
Dollar demand soars! Central Banks Reduce U.S. Debt Holdings at Fastest Pace in Nine Years.
If banks raised the deposit rates at the same time as fed funds they would have avoided 500bn deposit flight and maybe this entire crisis.
Is Traditional Banking Dead? Tim Draper's Advice Shake Up Financial Landscape.
Thoughts on Carvana puts.
IF WE GET TO $300 BY EARNINGS I’LL HAVE $420… THOUSAND!!!!! COME ON CATHY, BUY THEM BACK! ELON TWEET OUT A POLL TO BUY BACK!
My dentist said I grind in my sleep. He's real af for that 😤.
That's all for this quarter.
Banking Crisis: US Banks Borrow $475B While Small Banks Lose Over $500B.
Starwood Capital CEO Barry Sternlicht Warns of Impending Economic Implosion.
Shorting SNAP (Snapchat) - Do Diligence.
Thoughts on this? Could this lead to a GLD gamma squeeze?
Bond Traders Go All-In on US Recession Bets That Defy Fed View.
Don't Panic! Why FRC Is Not as Scary as You Think.
They did it again.
Getting paranoid about the market collapsing.
Euro land banks the past month.
$900M deal Blackberry news.
At the most recent First Republic Bank board meeting.
The Fed just reported that U.S. banks borrowed $475 billion last week as the banking crisis continued.
Meet the Market's Undertaker.
Every post here on WSB is negative now.
I'm in this mode right now.
J.P. Morgan Research's 2023 Market Outlook.
Ya like DB rumors?
Schwab CDS jump is not concerning and those that think it is are Chicken Little. CTFD!
What's happening at Deutsche Bank? Stock drops amid fears that banking crisis will get worse.
When will Tesla start selling astro droids?
What do you think about the potential impact of AGI advancements on the liquidity released by the Federal Reserve?
''The fed's loans to banks will only increase inflation further and they permanently ruined their balance sheet''.
April Fools Bank Run!
You will be hearing about 'Credit Default Swaps' ("CDSs") a lot in the coming days. Let me explain it simply.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-04-01
The Best performing stocks for Q1 2023 benchmarked against popular ETFs
High Dividend Stock -MPW
SCHW (Charles Schwab) is going to survive or crash as FRC?
Four straight months of flat or rising Y/o/y Core PCE - Will the Fed pause/pivot with their preferred inflation metric behaving like this?
It’s been a good year, let’s keep it up kids! 🚀🚀🚀
The Deutsche line is built from text mining 1.2M financial news articles from 200 financial news sources, defining how widespread it is.
I lost 34K in a month. 😭😭😭
KC (Kingsoft Cloud Holdings Ltd.) is a suspicious rally
Stop losing money. The market is not rocket surgery. Yellen has concerns = upsies.
A difficult path for the bulls in 2023
5 secret investing tools that will make you a millionaire
Nikkei 225 Bear Market vs S&P 500 Bear Market.
MGOL ringing the opening bell Tuesday 4/4
Bukele Files Zero Tech Tax Bill to Congress as Promised
😎Options expected move charts for the week/month/quarter
Germany Consumer Price Index: Food is up 2.41% from last month and 21.76% from one year ago
Republic First is not First Republic !! Sincerely, Your Wife's Boyfriend.
Why is the market not crashing? Check out the SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022.
Joining the “let’s short the AI craze” team. NVDA will soon roll over.. wish me luck.
Bought a tad too early but oh well, go ahead roast me
WISH YOLO month-end update — Mar 2023
Want to buy UBS at a 6% + discount?
2023-04-03 Wrinkle Brain Plays - In the style of Count Dracula
Commercial Real Estate is doing very well and we are in a bull market!
Massive Upcoming Priority Review FDA Approval
$SPY TO 420 by 4/20???
IGMS
WHERE MY HATERS AT!?!? YOU’RE GONNA REMEMBER ME!!!! I WILL HAVE $500,000 BY APRIL'S END! GO TSLA GO!!!
SPX to 5300 by EOY
Hahahaha such a funny meme (totally not a solution to the stock market; pretend it's a funny meme so that Reddit's parent company doesn't ban)
Tired and more scared after today’s rally. Hold or sell?
After years of active trading and thousands of transactions, I’m finally showing Mr. Market who’s boss.
Volume Buys Just Went Through The Roof Again On SPY Today - Here Are The Next Waves
Markets go up.
Short Nestle SW
Homie doesn’t know how to take a screenshot, somehow degens his way into 6 figures
Beyond Meat?
NDX Falling Wedge
YOLO: May Lord Buffett announce a position in $FRC this weekend. $29k on next week's 15 calls
$SCHW YOLO
Red Monday
Fuking great year so far
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of April 01, 2023
Heard this gem from a 12-year-old just now
AMC Stock Faces Triple Threat: Conversion, Reverse Split, and Dilution
Bears to Burry after his tweet yesterday...
Charles Schwab changing receiver account
End of quarter rally?
Max Pain question?
Alright Netflix - Time To Crack Down On The Password Sharing Like You Promised
After a lot of deep and sophisticated research, I think I have come to understand the market.
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning April 3rd, 2023
Sometimes you have to inverse yourself to make some money. OTM QQQ calls. 208% gain
What Trading Options Feels Like
Hi friends! I just started trading last year and I wanted to share some hot NSFW loss porn.
It happens to the very best of us
Stocks are going up, real estate is going down!
First Gain Porn BB $4.5 Call 150%+
TSLA 0dte YOLO
Only a few thousand % more and I’m even on the year!
Is there a way to listen to the WSB talk on Discord from the beginning after it has already started, and also listen to yesterday's?
Honestly, who the fuck is bullish right now?
Implied Forward Stability
OpenAI helped me with my homework so I bought AI ticker Pt. 2
Ardelyx is on fire as I predicted months ago.
Proud of everyone. We broke a record this year.
I couldn’t find a reason why the Shiller PE ratio traded at a 2x average multiple even if inflation was > 5% over the past 2 years.”
Where I sold my calls on natural gas this week, to avoid further losses...
PCE Data - Daily Trading Report
Burry's capitulation
Canadian Securities Exchange to launch a senior listing tier for larger companies - Transition in May
"No REALLY, we're doing fine" ~ every bank right now
Dow Jones index, Futures, Trade Ideas 03/31/23
Daily Discussion Thread for March 31, 2023
'Nationalizing bond markets' left central banks unprepared for inflation, top HSBC economist says
NFLX: Rising from the ashes or getting out of Junk
Tender Rejections Collapse to All-Time Low
A safe 150% gain
OK analyst
The man is sending mixed signals.
Burry
Kind regards
Mitch McConnell is One of Us
$SOFI the last train
Can someone help me understand my taxes as an unprofitable day trader?
Dogshit wrapped in cat shit
Reed, you're smarter than you know!
It seems Holy Money Printer broke last week.
Lecture One | Currency Master Class 101: Fiat, Gold, Bitcoin, Stablecoin
I shorted the Nasdaq AMA
MEIRL
Top market value company maps
Gold
Bull market is back on boys and girls
Metropolitan Bank Holding Corp. down only -23% today!
Andrew Left Deleted his hit piece. I heard he's been cleaning house lately.
Finally broke him!
At a 1.72% average daily inflation rate, bitcoin will double to $56,067.12 by May 10th, 2023.
FCNCA and SIVB
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-04-03
Oil prices surge 5% after OPEC’s surprise output cut; analysts warn of $100 per barrel.
Damn WSB influencing African economics?
I love being a spectator.
You can get a man out of trading but you can't get trading out of a man.
Daily Discussion Thread for April 03, 2023.
UBS likely to cut workforce by 20-30% after Credit Suisse takeover.
Goldilocks is walking away. OPEC+ move reignited fears over inflation and growth.
How much are liquidity discounts that investment banks charge for underwriting block trades for closely-held companies?
Economics 101.
Clearview AI scraped 30 billion images from Facebook and gave them to cops: it puts everyone into a 'perpetual police line-up'.
How is this gonna play out tomorrow?
OPEC announces production cuts.
An excerpt from a book called “Thinking fast and slow” which made me think of you guys.
AMC status??
Lay-offs don't mean recession.
Was up 50% on these at one point, so I wasn't wrong.
Janets big curved yellen.
McDonald’s Temporarily Shuts U.S. Offices as Chain Prepares for Layoff Notices.
Interesting take.
We are so back.
Weekly prediction: tech rally over.
WTI oil opens up at $80 lol.
Pigs get fat, hogs get slaughtered.
OPEC’s oil production cuts announced today. Super bullish for CPI chart. Inflation to the moon.
I can't wait for tomorrow, how much my put will print.
OPEC+ announces surprise oil cuts, while U.S. calls the move inadvisable.
How To Deal w/ a Losing Trade.
WWE being sold to UFC parent company ticker EDR.
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, April 03, 2023.
Swiss federal prosecutors open investigation into Credit Suisse takeover.
Sorry for the losses 💔📉😦 - r/wallstreetbets posted a net loss of $626k in March 2023.
It's good enough to close 👌.
NOT a deep fake.
'Reality Can Be Whatever I Want' - SVB Execs.
Details - Thinking to YOLO CAC40 🚀🚀🚀🚀.
5 Key Economic Events this Week and Why.
QQQ Quarterly cycles in relation to RSI.
Good bet streak to a bad bet streak to inverse bet mode.
Historically, the market bottoms AFTER unemployment rises. Unemployment remains low right now.
Loss porn to make you feel better while I am available for service 24 hours.
The Lumber to gold ratio.
Inflation is over, guys...
Trust Pilot reviews for COIN.
Helping the WSB gain counter with $72,684 gain in March.
S&P to 2500 confirmed.
OPEC+ oil alliance announces surprise production cuts from May | Oil and Gas News.
$TSLA TTM Deliveries. Stock still 50% down from December highs, QQQ entered the technical bull market, Bill Gates has sand in his /agina.
A journey in trading options!
Tesla delivery numbers.
Global oil production slashed as top countries unite in unprecedented cut.
Elon Musk: Tesla Cybertruck Is Dead, $20,000 City Car Is Coming - CleanTechnica.
Lost $8k on Tesla.
% Change Of Central Banks Gold Reserves (2000-2023).
All in on nuclear war.
Thank you, March, still down $4500 overall.
Did I do good?
The next AI stock to moon ($FDS).
Coming to a market near you soon.
My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined.
Private bankruptcy filings are blowing past their COVID-era peaks.
Loss prn for you guys and girls!! How do I get this back?
Next week's public operation (4.3-4.7).
Stock market bearish or bullish next week?
WeWork could run significantly.
Honestly, who the fuck is bearish right now?
For the million of people wanting investment advice. Read the room.
Analysts Expect a big Counter Offensive.
Not that any of our opinion matters, but you all think AI/machine language model is inflationary, deflationary, or won't matter?
(SPY) Which trading zone are we going to? LOL.
Bull market or Bear Market Rally?
Do Options wizards exist?
Food for thought.
The Best performing stocks for Q1 2023 benchmarked against popular ETFs.
High Dividend Stock - MPW.
It's been a good year, let's keep it up, kids! 🚀🚀🚀
KC (Kingsoft Cloud Holdings Ltd.) is a suspicious rally.
A difficult path for the bulls in 2023.
5 secret investing tools that will make you a millionaire.
MGOL ringing the opening bell Tuesday 4/4.
Options expected move charts for the week/month/quarter.
Germany Consumer Price Index: Food is up 2.41% from last month and 21.76% from one year ago.
What ever happened to DD's?
Republic First is not First Republic!! Sincerely, Your Wife's Boyfriend.
Bought a tad too early but oh well, go ahead roast me.
WISH YOLO month-end update — Mar 2023.
2023-04-03 Wrinkle Brain Plays - In the style of Count Dracula.
Commercial Real Estate is doing very well, and we are in a bull market!
Massive Upcoming Priority Review FDA Approval.
IGMS.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-09 18:53:44
My position now Vs my all time. Started the comeback with TSLA calls. Baby steps back…😅
my analysis says... PTON to the moon
Who will UPS buy vehicle AC hardware from?
Advanced Auto Parts $AAP
Cramer says AI is worth the hype -> YIKES!!!!!
MicroVision Investors
Netflix Password Crackdown Drives U.S. Sign-Ups To Highest Levels In At Least Four Years
US Treasury Increase their Balance
$431.99
Are these really Short Squeezes or Buying Rallies?
Tesla never disappoints
Does anybody remember NIO? 😢
The confirmation has been made: we are now officially in a bull market
Oops, I did it again...
Ready for the Fed meeting next week
Q2 in one picture
Fed pauses, what’s the trade you’re thinking about?
RobinHood buckles under pressure
Tech "leaders" asking to stop further AI research
ADBE Price Upgrade AI Earnings Potential 100% Gains
TSLA 3 6/9 Damn she fine. To the window. TO THE WALL
$CVNA FD Play | 10K in ATM Puts | 30 Contracts @ 3.40 each
Should I buy SPCE in case of UFO news?
$3400-22K TSLA YOLO 🎊💰
went full sicko mode on these two
PayPal Thoughts
NFLX - +$170,000 overnight
Bye-bye bear... New S&P 500 bull market has legs - BofA By Investing.com
Is Disney heading off a cliff
Serious Question. What's Wrong with Using RH?
Cumulative M2 Money Supply of major Central Banks near ATH thanks to PBOC and BOJ. Offsets Fed Reserve's QT. Explains rally since Oct '22
Morning Briefing 🌞 June 9th 2023
Volume tickers in play
The House Always Wins
Middle-income buyers face the most severe housing shortage
Kroger the mogger earnings coming up
Daily Discussion Thread for June 09, 2023
Argentina considering ditching the Peso for the Dollar
The Trader of all time.
Warren Buffett used to be a real degenerate. High risk high reward 😎
Top tier trolling
Maybe it really is different this time
Worlds Most Expensive Drug - BMRN - June 30th
Did ChargePoint and Blink just lose the Beta vs VHS war to Tesla’s charging standard?
Ranked: The world’s largest media companies in 2023
Cramer actually was a good hedge fund trader
Remember me? I bought NVDA 330C 6/16 about 65 days ago and was lambasted. Who’s the idiot now!?
CNN: It’s official. We’re in a bull market.
TSLA - If you can't beat them join them
Apple 🍎 Stock could run to $200 $APPL
TSLA - 6/9 250c - YOLO
Is this bull market in the room with us right now…? 6-8-23 SPY/ ES Futures, QQQ and VIX Daily Market Analysis (TSLA Update)
TSLA gains! $90K+ 📈📈
Incoming Treasury Vacuum
The power of the money printer in the palm of my hand
🤡 I bring to you the $TSLA shorts 🤡
Messi’s move to MLS is a big deal for Apple $APPL
Tesla 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Market Recap - 6/8/23 -
+$25,000 NFLX calls; Made $60k total today 🥵
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 09, 2023
A small bet on $PL and their doves
Apple Vision Pro VR/AR headset is the same price as Microsoft HoloLens 2
The US is building factories at a wildly fast rate
You only live once
DOCU Earnings Moves
$WOOD calls - Lumber shortage incoming
Big Move Coming - Up or Down- No One knows
Please hedge QQQ
Apple Stock Buybacks (Quarterly). Looks like the announced AAPL buybacks are coming soon.
My stupidity knows no bounds
UPDATE: CVNA to the moon 🌚
How every single earnings work
My careful analysis of SPY this week...
Up $60k on $TSLA. Tesla to the moon! I came to collect.
$BOIL reverse split and option contracts.
ADBE Earnings play? Firefly Generative AI
ANOTHER $21,000 day 🥵
CVNA to the moon? 🌚
Europe stocks mixed as global markets look for direction; euro zone enters recession
2022 u/GlideOutside “margin: never again.” 2023 u/GlideOutside “another $304k of $TSLA on my tab pls”
🚀 NVDA: Overvalued with Sky-High P/E Ratio? Hold on to Your Hats, Apes!
Chart Industries (GTLS) and New EPA Natural Gas Plant Carbon Emissions Regulations = MONEY
Brace Yourselves! The NVDA Stock Bubble is About to Pop - Here's Why
Eurozone slips into recession as revised data shows two quarters of falling output | CNN Business
$BMBL agreed to pay $18M to shareholders to settle lawsuit over misleading during its SPO
CBOE VIX Long Term Play
Lucid is coming to the largest EV market in the world, China.
Elon Musk Has a Blunt Message for Nvidia
Day trading options
Def NOT Doing This Right - AKA Making Money
Daily Discussion Thread for June 08, 2023
What is your worst purchase and how much did it cost?
Am I Doing this right?
Puts on Canada
Robbed a Wendy's
average search history of a web user
Jumped on the FOMO train and caught one station; +72.73% in one day
Love webull graveyard comments
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-18 23:55:51
Even the big guy has turned his back on me.
NCAA panel recommends marijuana be dropped from banned substance list
AUD/USD faces a tough resistance around 0.6915/40
We should prove them wrong boys
$FGEN 2x-3x imminent
Looking for YOLO advice
It's been fun boys
Lol
Hey Everyone, I am a software developer and I made an app to query the stock market
Spirit shares after JetBlue merger
I would never invest Reddit with its current leadership
$RIDE bankruptcy or short squeeze to the moon?
Stop buying large cap
Over 20% of S&P 500 companies mentioned AI on their earnings calls:
When you try to join the Wendy's team, but your loss post is under 100k
The economy is fake: S&P500 and Fed QE Highly Correlated
unfortunate series of events
Is the stock market broken again?
Bull market or fool's market? Investors say it's likely the latter
Any day now... It's going down like 1920s
Number #1 Tip of trading Stocks & Options: DO NOT USE MARGIN!!!
ENPH basing for a move higher?
Google Trends projects an all-time high in worldwide searches for 'bull market' this month. Everyone is bullish.
When my family asks how my stocks are doing:
I aped into Peloton calls, your thoughts?
How is ADBE not fucked?
CCL earnings and beyond.
Hey remember me?
$AAPL
Crispin Odey, short-selling hedge funder that criticized & ridiculed retail investors, is finally out🚪
Automated technical analysis
Warren Buffett Sub Lurk Confirmed - Wendy's Stock Leads Over McDonald's This Year
6-19-23 Short Week Index Moves - EEs OnlyCrayons
This chart explains just about everything in this market
Only 7 Stocks Are Powering the S&P 500 (The Myth of the Diversified Portfolio):
U.S. National Debt Surpasses $32 Trillion for the First Time
GOP House Reneging and Tryna Ruin the Running of the Bulls
Acronym for stocks in the A.I. Rally
$AMD $28k YOLO. Su Bae take me to the promised land 🤝
TSLA gain going for 10x this can’t go wrong
It's so over
Battle of Q2 Real Gdp begins... St Louis Fed vs Atlanta Fed.
That escalated quickly.
Intel Announces Major Brand Update Ahead of Upcoming Meteor Lake...
Next Week Earnings Releases by Implied Movement
Just days after pausing rate hikes, Fed officials call for more increases
Buying Credit Default Swaps on the Avocado Market from Deutsche Bank
Anyone know what’s up with Splunk?
Playing AI earnings is a short term money glitch which cannot go tits up (or can it?)
NVDA vs CISCO dot com
Held on to TSLA & SPY puts for far too long.
China Money Printer to go BRRRRRRRR?
Is day trading gambling?
Concentrated Gains in a Few Stocks, Loss evenly distributed?
276% profit on BUD puts, now up 220% on INTC calls
The US economy is entering expansion, not recession, and investors fear they are missing out, Fundstrat's Tom Lee says
Every CEO this quarter
For the love of Christ, hear me out on $OPEN.
SPY Technical Analysis for Tuesday June 20, 2023 - SPY’s H1 Analysis: Market Shift Points to Bearish Bias
We didn’t even get to fill those gaps today
Fucked the fed and treasury rant!
My life’s over, here’s my final advice
He must be part of Wall Street Bets
One of us regards
Sorry Elon. $315 calls was just a little too safe. Back to SPY 😎 THE $450 2yr CUP SHALL FILL!!!!!
Should we short UPS as the Teamsters strike looms.
Options vs Futures
Wish me luck🫡 All in $PYPL
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of June 17, 2023
This is what I get for shorting a failing company that is vaguely related to AI in 2023
$55k Humana Banana 2 week dte call’anas
When you trade without Hedge & Risk Management in the Stock Market
DHC Merger the RMR group fucking over investors and how to make money off it
Name a worse call Jim Cramer has made than selling Stark stock in 2008
Beefy
Guess who had the last laugh
A month ago I posted about being green on my account for the first time. Today I made margin. Thanks Meta.
Most Anticipated Earnings & Economic Releases for the week of June 19th, 2023
Anyone paying attention to NKLA?
Should I sell because the RSI is super High?
Feds Aim To Finish Cannabis Scheduling Review ‘This Year,’ Top Biden Official Tells Marijuana Moment
Made a years' take home this month after discovering TSLA calls - take bets on how long it'll take to lose it all [All Time included]
Technical Pattern Guide - 2023 Edition
Adobe $8k-$76k Gains
This happens every couple months, I’ll be fine.
It works until it doesn't
Stones for the soup fellow NVDA bears. This exact channel angle called the two previous macro tops. GL 🍀
$ADBE screwed me big time 😭
$600 —> $19k $SPCE 🚀🚀🚀
GBPCAD - Breaking a strong trend. The bulls are active
Morning Briefing 🌞 June 16th 2023
PYPL, how to play a possible reversal?
NDQ Stop Loss Executed 8% below market🤯 Order placed at 1:30 executed 1:35 on quiet day. Broker said the bid-offer spread widened by 9% WTF
Steve Jobs had the Vision Pro on the roadmap already in 2007
Palantir’s target objective per wyckoff’s accumulation count is 36!
Shorting the entire country of South Africa 2 years update!
Daily Discussion Thread for June 16, 2023
Am I being stupid here? (Yes)
The 10yr/3month spread has not seen this level of inversion and have no idea what that mean…
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-19 18:30:15
Grandmaster at Play: Checkmating the Crypto Market with Real-Time Analysis
$UBS Deal of the Decade (DD)
Puts on supply chain
Investors believe that it is more probable for the current market to be a fool’s market rather than a bull market
Basically this sub since you regards discovered AI
EUR/USD Forecast: Euro to meet strong support at 1.0900
The S&P 500 earnings yield (medium risk), corporate bonds (low risk), and (3) treasury bills (no risk) are all offering the same yield, 5.3%
Rate hikes are environmentally friendly
Virgin Galactic will start commercial spaceflight as soon as June 27th
AMD $135 Call emptied my balance. I’ll take a caramel shake with a side of bleached fries.
Chamath Palihapitiya Sounds the Alarm: Warns of Potential Debt Crisis - But Who Should We Be Loading Puts On?
PLTR and NHS Data Platforms
The S&P 500 has entered a bull market, but will it last?
Binance, SEC reach agreement to keep US customer assets in country
when you switch from trading to investing
CD projects (CDR) looks great fellas (whats your top gaming stocks?)
Where dem taxes at?
BP Attributes a 12% Year-on-Year Reduction in Operating Expense to Palantir's Software Implementation Amid an Inflationary Environment🌟🚀
Regards tomorrow at 9:30 AM wondering why their portfolio isn't going down
I will not short reddit. I will not short reddit. I will not short reddit.
Canadian housing market will crash
🏥 Health Tech On Rise: Palantir's Hospital Operations Raking 10% U.S. Revenue! 💰
Spotted a Rivian out in the wild today. Very Bullish.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-20 09:58:35
For real, is anyone keeping tabs on 4Chan?
LON: BT.A
12 Hours after the post about BABA
Someone's getting paid for those naked shorts.
Found the Christian Regard Who Lost $600,000k
WSB when a bear says literally anything
Apple to shift 18 per cent of global iPhone production to India by FY25: Report
USD/JPY: Sustained gains likely above 142.25
Tell me why I shouldn’t buy leap calls on Target
AI could add $4.4 trillion to the global economy per year (per McKinsey)
Bullish on $TGT
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 20, 2023
What Recession? The Wall St China Trap and your money
Commercial Real Estate Crash getting bigger in a month and time to surf the down fall
What companies/industries are likely to benefit/suffer from student loans restarting?
$TGT's investor hate-wave is a nothing burger.
Anyone else see signs of DEFLATION where they live?
Unusual Synchronicity: Oil Short and Long Positions Both Rise in Response to OPEC+ Production Cuts
BABA - Does anyone have a counterargument against buying the stock?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-21 18:30:33
Bought $NEWR puts PT 54.0
Capital One Financial Corp (COF): A Deep Dive into Potential Bearish Indicators
Vmware broadcom merger
Short $TSLA Position + Naked Short Calls + Covered Puts
LQDA 31k YOLO (up 14k so far)
SPY ATH EOY
LUCID insiders selling at a loss.
Well somebody made a lot of money shorting the markets today
Forgive me Su Bae
The bears thought they had found the head and shoulders pattern but us bulls know it's the germany 1940 pattern
Oh Boy
NVO: The miracle weight loss drug
More Americans Are Getting Auto Loans That Exceed the Worth of Their Cars
Andy Bail-out reckons this will be the one bro
NVIDIA partner ASML: To the Moon
Morning Briefing 🌞 June 21st 2023
The fall of Natural Gas throughout the last 20 years. Natural Gas has been getting cheaper as everything else is getting more expensive.
Chairperson of Council of Economic Advisers: Inflation Reduction Act, (IRA), is really just the Investment Reduction Act 
Bears assemble!!! Head and shoulder pattern has appeared
Volume moving tickers in play
Daily Discussion Thread for June 21, 2023
Common mistakes I already did and you can avoid
12.5K AUD profit - still holding RAAAAAAA🚀🚀🚀
Is the Tech Bubble Finally Bursting? A Look at Today's Market
Advice from the Balloon Boy
Am I regarded?
NZD/USD: Upside momentum loses some traction
GEX/DEX Data for Trading
Mission Accomplished
CVS Health is too cheap to ignore
I saw this and thought of you regards.
Risk Management: "we run the whole thing with this game controller" while holding up what appears to be a modified $Logitech gamepad
Why do Bears have more Conviction than Bulls?
Time for YOLO NVDA Puts!!
$NKLA$
Long term recurring yolo on housing market taking a dump $DRV
How fucked am I lol?
"The market can self-regulate!" Market: Submarine = 1 $LOGI controller, 2 bathtubs from $HD, duct tape from $MMM & 1 walkie-talkie from $DG
Anyone else loading up on calls? I’m going to buy a Lamborghini aventador
EV Maker Rivian to adopt Tesla Charging Standard in Beginning 2024: After Announcement Tesla, Ford, GM & Rivian Stock Jump On Tuesday
roku thesis for friend
Buying Tesla has paid off. What to do, what to do…..submitted again so you kids would know what my stock was. Sorry.
Shorts Have Already Lost $120 Billion This Year
The first two stocks I ever bought on RH ($NVDA & $AMD)
What’s going to cause a pullback in big tech aka the Magnificent 7?
Some pills are tough to swallow
Why isn't SPY going up anymore?
$TSLA permabulls be like
How I felt after today’s trading day
IM NOT LETTIN GO! ITS GONNA MAKE MY $100,000 ALL THE BETTER NEXT WEEK!
10k in $PYPL - see y'all in a year
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 21, 2023
I guess diversification does work. Throw enough shit at the wall eventually one will stick
Nvda will never fall
SPCE it is time
The first stock I ever bought on RH ($NVDA)
Wen your portfolio goes 1% up (Me and my homie be like)
Time in the market
Biden meets AI experts in an effort to mitigate risks of technology
Europe, US pressed to speed up legislation for AI
Scalping 9 markets simultaneously
Wen you check your TTWO bag 👀
FedEx earnings today - What do?
$PTON yolo update, I bought more. Steady lads 1)what 😳
Nvidia $NVDA vs. Tesla $TSLA vs. S&P 500 $SPY, 2023 performance YTD:
Intel Invests Almost $40Billion Dollars Into New Facilities in Germany, Poland and Israel
TTWO is ready for 200$ ( what do you think about my new ttwo analysis? )
if only we had another India
35.6k DPST YOLO
Will it print or will I cray?
GO AND FTCH ME MONEY, BITCH.
Two months in and almost back at where I started
So you're saying there's a chance?
Bears be like
Help
It’s happening 🧸
GRND: Gamble on the Gays
Gannett sues Google over alleged monopolization of ad-tech markets
A look inside WSB
Exclusive: EV maker Rivian to adopt Tesla's charging standard
USD/CHF: Aims to recapture 0.9000 as Fed Powell’s testimony hogs limelight
6-20-23 Volume tickers in play
Daily Discussion Thread for June 20, 2023
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-23 19:07:59
Double bottom on AMC and 500k put writer? Next bull run coming? lets see if the flow is right.
AMC from AI
TSLA bot Optimus training for the META bot Zuckerberg fight
Iron Condors: Week 2. FDX/TSLA + $2000
As USO sees its largest fund outflow, WTI crude oil nears $67/barrel on a downtrend
Meta is Free Money pt. 1024
Cannabis LPs and MSOS community needs guidance.
Puts on LOGI
19k CCL Earnings
DeepMind's co-founder suggested testing an AI chatbot's ability to turn $100,000 into $1 million to measure human-like intelligence
Why has SPY VOL dried up so much?
What am I missing about Sixt Vz. ?
Can someone please explain the student debt sitch to me
The Fed Put is fer realz
The world needs this
Elon's Upcoming Beating Priced In
Meet the biggest bag holders in the world: Saudia Arabia and MBS down 79%
Siemens Energy stock collapses as its loss-making wind turbine unit needs €1 billion to fix faults in installed turbine components.
TSLA: Christianity and Bearish Outlook
Ran some simulations on what the fight between Elon and Mark would look like. 
COF Capital One Way Undervalued
Coffeezilla dragging us on his latest investigation
This fight needs to happen. Elon has size and South African but Mark has training
Does this count?
INTC $50k yolo 🚀
Morning Briefing 🌞 June 23rd 2023
The stock market and bond markets are reflecting different investor sentiments about the future of the economy, Which do you think is right?
6/23/23 Volume tickers in play
Yield curves around the world are inverting the most in decades. German 2-year yields are the highest versus 10-year rates since 1992.
Daily Discussion Thread for June 23, 2023
US Treasury Secretary Yellen Sees Lower US Recession Risk, Says Consumer Slowdown Needed
Wall street you some sick fucks $ATVI
CNBC couldn’t find a better picture?
FRC BACK FROM THE DEAD?
Welp. Pulling the last pennies of my savings out to start boomer investing for the rest of my life. Might as well get some karma.
Top Tech Stocks Market Cap Timeline (with Earnings Highlights)
The JPow Rises
Definitely selling off my TSLA shares now
Now its is time for the swedish saga! (SBB)
Do we short Tesla at weigh in??
$ASTS: My all in play -> Target: 50 end of year
WTF is this expression?
At what point is it time to short Berkshire
Calls on Virgin Galactic
TSLA ranks 2nd to last on JD Power quality survey
3M Settles ‘Forever Chemicals’ Litigation for Up to $12.5 Billion
Who yall putting your bets on?
Twilio TWLO good to short?
YOLO, Short on C3.AI
Another NVDA director sold $50M in company stock.
Putting in the DD - WSB x GRND
How Long Will the Bull Market's Music Keep Playing?
Idk what’s worse, the loss or the fact I’m fully convinced I’ll have $80,000 by expiration 😎
So NVDA…
Can’t make a single good trade Guh
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 23, 2023
$HAS to get some A$$
YOLO: $65k on $LYFT July 10.5 Calls
Sarepta Muscular Dystrophy Gene Therapy FDA Decision Today Afterhours
Blank stare
Lamest Yolo UPdate week loss porn
What hype will TESLA bandwagon for 2024?
Musk or Zuck? 🍖👊
QQQ has nothing on SVXY
When the S&P 500 is up 10-15% by the end of June, it has ended the year higher 12 out of 12 times.
Roku up or down??
Average r/WallStreetBets user
It’s time to buy a CHINA 🇨🇳 CONDO
First Fed Call!🥰 ~52% in shorts
1st YOLO post $RBLX
What site/app offers the ability to set price targets AND attach your own comments to the alert?
SPYD in bear market?
USD/CAD Price Analysis: Refreshes nine-month low at 1.3140 as BoC prepares for more rate hikes
CCL Calls?
Short PayPal
MSFT hearing
With all this talk about generative AI......what company will capitalize on bringing AI into the porn game!?
$381 NVDA Price Target: I Am Shorting.
GRND: Hindu Mythology and my 25K YOLO
+$10k to -$23k in a flash. This time will be different.
Defense Stock Portfolios
6=22=23 Volume moving tickers
New TSLA Investors
Some humor to start your day. My Wendy’s resume 😉 Diamond hands 🙌🏻 💎
Bank of England surprises with 50-basis-point rate hike to tackle persistent inflation
What happens when the Boomers start getting absolutely MILKED by the Nursing Homes/HC system, run out of money and sell all their assets?
Tesla downgraded by Morgan Stanley, could this be a time to buy puts?
Daily Discussion Thread for June 22, 2023
Does anyone have access to historical year-wise data for the components of the Nifty/nifty infra Index?
Tesla bulls to their brokers after Thursday
Short Bets on US Stocks Hit $1 Trillion
Ghey bers singing: "when the VIX is low, look out below."
US sharemarket: Short bets on US stocks hit $1.5 trn, most since April 2022
WSB Hater of the Year Award Ceremony
Ex-Goldman Banker Convicted of Passing Insider Tips to Squash Pal-Turned-Informant
Inflation will keep going up for eternity
So calls should continue to print?
Any other regards on MCK?
$TSLA Bulls Rejoice
Bears enjoy it while it last!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-25 18:34:22
Elon Musk Says It Would ‘not Be Legal For Me To Speculate About A Starlink IPO’—but It’ll Make The World’s Richest Man Even Richer
Here we go again! (Socialist economists like Krugman don’t understand the power of innovation and expanding consumer choices)
Am I a Real Trader Yet?
Russia turmoil to fuel market volatility, flight to safety
Patient bears, the time is coming
How everyone who locked in < 3% interest rates on their homes are feeling rn looking at the housing market
found my new side hustle
Shorting TQQQ using options
SPY Technical Analysis for Monday June 26, 2023 A Closer Look at SPY's Bearish Short-Term Trend: Key Levels and Potential Reversal Zones
My never-to-be lambo is gonna be so lit 🔥
Seabreeze Capital - Going long cannabis - MSOS, Trulieve, Greenthumb on re-schedule + banking reform by yr end
Can’t go tits up
Poots on russia?
YOLO BOLO AMD POOTS
Follow your heart
LOST 11k in four days and blew my account.
Investors are gripped by fears of a recession, leading to a decline in global markets
How to tank the world economy in 3 easy steps 🐻🐻🐻
Russian Roulette
Jensen Huang finally sold some NVDA stock.
Assigned Put I sold as part of a Put Credit Spread that expires 7/21/23 $AVTR
That was fast. Indian PM gets wish granted in record time. 🇮🇳📈 Amazon commits 15B to Indian development.
Here is to all my fellow degenerates, who also bought calls Friday, before waking up to a Russian civil war.. GUH
This qualifies as wallstreetbets, right?
Choose Your Fighter 🚨
Tesla Gains this month
Long $ROPE if this doesn’t bounce
Latecomers to 40% Tech Stock Rally Arrive in Time to See It Fade
Grinding Back to Even
NDAQ 34@49.40 bet. St. Patrick told me it goes up 75%.
Come on now - who did this?
Short C3.AI YOLO, 2nd day
So we didn't only bailout banks we bailed out large hedge funds as well.
KMX daily business trend insight
Puts on Nikola
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of June 24, 2023
Temu has been caught by congress using slave labor and a shipping loop-hole, PDD the owner is probably gonna crash hard this week
40K $CVNA Put Play | Expiration 07/07 | 20.00 Strike | 330 Contracts
A Short Thesis Against $TFIN: Questionable Valuation and Industry Risks
I'm going long on $ENVX

------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-30 15:19:41
F NVDA, F RH , F market maker, FML
Find the one you can’t live without
Interview with a WSB Member
Core PCE is up .3 % which means the only Question now is how high will Powell raise rates at the next FOMC meeting
Apple has once again become the world's biggest company, with a staggering valuation of $3 trillion - ProfessPost
IonQ Partners with South Korea’s Ministry of Science and ICT to Boost Regional Quantum Computing Ecosystem and Cultivate Quantum Talent
Tesla float getting close to 0
Daily Discussion Thread for June 30, 2023
Danaos (DAC)- The Richest Company on Earth
Six questions facing US stock investors as 2023's second half nears.
Space companies
I know we like to joke about Cramer, but as we can see from SJIM’s chart, it’s also not wise to inverse everything he says
Jpow stroking the markets once a month. Up & down
Updated TimeLine for Microsoft Activison Deal
Saw this last night at the Oakland A’s Coliseum during the perfect game. Felt that this also would be right at home here.
Guys What Happened with SPCE today? Today the launch went successful but the moment it started to come down it dropped 10%.
Prime wsb real estate
How does WSB like NVO (Novo Nordisk, makers of Ozempic)?
The Future of investment expertise
I’m sick of these lame ass loss porns…. THIS IS WHAT REAL LOSS PORN LOOKS LIKE! (Don’t worry I was +45% green today)
Odds released for Battle of the Billionaires cage fight: Who you got?
AMC Shareholder’s Meeting
How fucked am I?
Sriracha shortage sees sauce prices spike to over $70 a bottle
Money. Printer. Go. BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I didnt hear no bell ( randy marsh voice )
This is seriously hurting my self-esteem
Compliance chief at Chinese fintech stole girlfriend’s insider info to trade VMware, tech stocks
Nvidia is going to $320
After years of practice in the stock market, I’ve decided to apply my “wisdom” and “invest” in other channels. WCGW?
The next great short CAVA
Ride or die stock out side the s&p 500?
Nikola Corp Says Received Notice From Nasdaq Informing Co That It Has Regained Compliance With Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(A)(1)
Thoughts on this stocks situation
Even Wendy’s wont accept me, welp!
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 30, 2023
ATVI hearing / insurance play
Goodbye Overstock.com. Hello Bedbathandbeyond.com
AbCellera (ABCL): The AI-Powered Drug Discovery Gem You've Been Snoozing On - An Easy 2x Play - DD
Virgin Galactic Completes First Commercial Spaceflight
NKE Earnings are Today and this is how you'll make money on it.
Potential Trading Opportunity on Microsoft Activision Deal
$50,000 RIVN YOLO. These ghey bers don’t know who they fuckin with
Siemens Energy's shares plummet over 37% due to increasing worries about wind turbine performance - ProfessPost
WSB Dad supports his son
Big US banks would lose $541bn in doomsday scenario, predicts Fed
JPMorgan Chase is fined by SEC after "mistakenly" deleting 47 million emails
Tesla sales explode in Australia - with the marque close to running out of stock and it taking a major sales crown from Toyota
Thank you to USAA Insurance for sponsoring these trades with my insurance money. My car will never drive again....
Daily Discussion Thread for June 29, 2023
Bank of America nurses $100bn paper loss after big bet in bond market
My therapist tells me to join this sub. Why?
The infinite wisdom of AutoModerator has been bestowed on us.
Someone Get This Guy the Nobel Prize in Economics
Are we in a bubble ? Are you a bull or bear?
Zillow Doesn't Know Shit About Real Estate - Insider Selling Looks Like A Bloodbath
Nissan reportedly spied on former COO As CEO searched for leverage
My life is over. What have I done
Powell Calls for Stronger Bank Regulation and Supervision
Micron Delivers Strong Forecast in Sign That Chip Glut Is Easing
Its time to short semis
Teamsters: Nationwide UPS Strike is Imminent
AMC in court
$ETRN Equitrans has amazing value right now
US launches 7 bln solar program.
IV tanks but RV goes up ?
It'll be fine, most likely, right?
Musk vs Zuckerberg. The fight of the Century !!!
HES ALIVE!! CVNA 🌕 $30+ this week
Most want a Lambo, but Ferrari is more my taste.
VIX is for kicks
Federal Reserve says 23 biggest banks weathered severe recession scenario in stress test
WSB initiation, loss porn
Rtx guy again
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, June 29, 2023
YTD Performance of the S&P 500 & NASDAQ vs. the Magnificent 7 (Apple $AAPL, Microsoft $MSFT, Google $GOOGL, Amazon $AMZN, Nvidia $NVDA, Tesl
Virgin galactic first commercial space flight tomorrow
🏆 🏆 Unveiling the Fed's Playbook: Crystal Ball of Inflation Predictions 🔮 🔮
$ROOT - Take Over Bid $$
BA $17,000 GAIN✈️
Due Diligence Report - Siri Corp ($Siri)
Woke up to this…
Short AI 2nd attempt
COIN Gainz Update ~$40k. Sold remaining calls
Time to secure profits and sell everything or hodl tight? Yes, my losses are laughable, I have hard time letting go. Still learning. +~198k
$CVNA 30.00 C | FD Gains | ~15K --> ~32.5K
CCL earnings 10k loss then 14k gain. Market manipulation
Nvidia right now is moderna during covid.
YOLO BOLO $AI HYPE BEGONE
Back in rtx yolo again bigger all movey
Why are there no YOLOs on $STZ
Life is falling apart
Long $ROPE again
Who is the main cause of the “sell-the-news” effect?
Insider Trading Weekly Update #043: Matrix Capital Bets $107M on Biotech, $MSTR Senior EVP Sheds 97% of Stake | Insider Trading Recap
Home prices in the US declined for the first time in 11 years:
Ukrainian Debt is now one of the hottest emerging market investments, with returns of over 30% in the second quarter:
Nvidia Drops on Report US Plans More AI Chip Curbs for China
Wall Street advances as upbeat economic data eases recession fears
Sold my tech holdings
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-06-30 17:17:47
June Update
Guys, hold tight
$HAS Hasbro goin ape shit $70c 01/24
Student loan forgiveness failed, we'll get 'em next time
$LILM Yolo, 54.8K Shares @ 1.61 Cost Basis
$400 million worth of Virgin Galactic (SPCE) stock to be sold in new offering by the company. DILUTION INCOMING!
Supreme Court strikes down student loan forgiveness plan
Is Tilray TLRY coiling up in major consolidation ready to pop?
Nvidia stock has exploded after COVID 19. Intel investors have been dumped on.
I can only lose 100% though
$40k SPY gain overnight MERICA
WILL SPX CRACK 4450 TODAY?
This is how you play earnings season fellas. NKE Iron Condors FTW!
MDT coming out of supply zone, target 115 eoy
I don't have much, but in goes the life savings. Wish me and IONQ good luck
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-04 15:38:47
options level 4 granted
A simple strategy I created
Me waiting for $RIVN to kill Tesla like the people on the internet told me
Thoughts on $DPST
Venture capital funds cool on plant-based meat start-ups
Im going to buy BABA
AI'Merica: No Recession Fears
Puts in the colonizers! Britain is now the only major economy where inflation is still rising.
The only reason I will never touch TSMC
Billionaire investor Barry Sternlicht believes that a substantial drop in inflation is imminent, as evidenced by the decline in rents
Yummerz
Quintuple top on RBLX?
Someone help.
Name a company like this, I’ll go first, BBBY.
The Bull Market is Just Starting
Why AAPL TSLA MSFT FB NVDA will go Even higher
Mother Fucking Aliens Have Arrived And They Are Investing In The Stock Market - Recession Canceled
Anybody feel this pain?
Looks like the scheduled apocalypse will be postponed
Finally, somebody gets me
After bagholding $TSLA for almost two years, finally out of the red.
Semiconductor market: Q1 2023 sees decline of 9% YOY, MPU 65% YOY. NVDA/AI driving demand - monopoly advantage or the higher they rise...?
FT BREAKING: China hits back with export curbs on chip making materials
How would alien disclosure benefit or hurt certain industries in the stock market?
Best US stocks of 2023 so far: Nvidia leads big tech renaissance
Canadians, how do you invest in Canada?
209 you say? sure, why not
We’re sorry
Why was the marked closed early today
has wayfair's share price gone way too crazy? Puts awaiting
Group Barbeque Thread for July 4th, 2023
☠️🩸AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: AZN) Phase 3 Drug for Lung Cancer Killed People. Here is why the Stock WILL Bleed to Death This Week 🩸☠️.
Tesla to 350
Continued Claims - A recession indicator with a 100% perfect track record, has crossed the rubicon
When you just got paid but the market is closed
Mom, dad: I'm a Bear
Would be very shocked for Nvidia to keep going up with over 200P/E. My personal thoughts is a pull back to 400 to retest then possibly 375.
“US Factory Sector Continues Contraction for Eighth Straight Month, Raising Concerns of Impending Recession
CCL +15K
Japan launches Prime 150 stocks benchmark to help investors identify value
Cellphone Activity is substantially down in several major US cities - will this affect carriers?
RIVN $129K
I gambled on the gays and the gays lost (GRND)
Yolo rtx puts
Brace Yourselves: The S&P 500 Is About to Experience a Crushing Blow Comparable to the 1929 Crash
I recommend taking a look at (VRT) - Vertiv
$51k TROW YOLO Update- July 2023
Follow Up on the Bankrupts
Weed stocks are oversold. Small YOLO
Longing Zimbabwe's stock market
Flashback 2010: Jim Cramer advises not to buy Tesla during it's IPO when the price was $1.13 (split adjusted)
EUR/USD: Uncertain Technical Outlook Ahead of US Jobs-Focused Week
BABA chart giving me that middle finger
The world’s 500 richest people added $852bn to their fortunes in the first half of 2023.
PIMCO prepares for a "rough landing" of the global economy
Oil Price Analysis: Speculators, OPEC+, and Future Uncertainty
How spread ask can be more than the spread's value?
tesla deliveries 👀
AMD AI chips could match Nvidia offerings, software firm says
TSLA: Breakout
Apple forced to make major cuts to Vision Pro headset production plans
Have to love the consistency. Blackrock FTW!
🚀 Tesla to the Moon 🚀: A Hilarious Due Diligence on Why It's Going to Hit $600 per Share by Year-End!
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 3rd, 2023
Daily Discussion Thread for July 03, 2023
Apple new headset
Will Warren Buffet's death affect Berkshire Hathaway?
Nokia renews patent license agreement with Apple, covering 5G and other technologies
SPY TA Week of July 3rd
Controlthenarrative when he sees the Dumb Money trailer
Apple Squeeze Imminent
tesla will continue to be the dominant ev leader, here’s why
when you forget to pay back marge
7 Year Streak of SPY Closing Higher in July Versus June
Sunday Night Movie Time with WSB: Office Space (8:30pm EST)
Most investors believe we are in a new bull market and there will be no recession in 2023
When she finds out you have Tesla calls 🥵
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 03, 2023
Tale of the epic comeback…. Started with oil, ended with oil….
NVDA and Charles Schwab
Tesla Bears right now after that blowout delivery report
Fear and Greed Index
It's the summer of love, baby !
Is Nvidia Overvalued? AVGO Boasts 62% Higher Net Income than NVDA, Yet with a 65% Lower Market Cap?
Bond fund giant Pimco prepares for ‘harder landing’ for global economy
Spce doomed to fail
DAL - Everything you need to know about Delta Airlines new guidance and insight into the continued bull run
I Gotta Redo this frame by frame with F^CK Man now...
NVDA stock price and news about NVDA. Main action after 22 may
Death Knell for $PYPL
FAA Issues G-1 for Lilium Jet, making Lilium($LILM) the only eVTOL manufacturer with EASA and FAA certification basis for a po
Forbes reveals the best and worst small cap stocks of first half 2023
Buying on Virgin Galactic's Dip
US Risks a Rerun of the 1920s: From trade agreements to tax treaties, growing economic isolationism echoes a historical precedent.
When it dips to 400, buy calls
Man it was a long road back!
Why AAPL TSLA will keep climbing 🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦
Bear Porn
WE ARE GAP FILLING TO SPY $460+ VERY SOON!! I WILL FINALLY HAVE 6 FIGS!!! DEATH TO BEARS!!
Walmart insiders offloading billions in $WMT stock - Should we be worried?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-05 17:02:28
Using US Gov money to get free money from Uncle Sam
Smile Direct Club go boom soon
Actually most economists do not understand the real meaning of Money.
China's Xpeng sees sales turnaround in second half with new EV mode
30 Reasons Why Markets Fall From Here
Cookie Debt and Lemonade Stands: Explaining Financial Risk for Kids
Last summer I bought a bunch of stock in CDPR(the publisher of the Witcher and Cyberpunk 2077), today, I briefly became cyberpunk'd
Biogen undervalued
$TSLL CALLS
Forget QE or Rate Cuts Bloomberg just said Buy Puts
Quantitative Easing Unlikely as Cyclical Stocks Brace for Impact
Callon Petroleum Buyback (CPE)
Just asked Morpheus. RIVN is *the one*
june fed minutes coming out today
Daily Discussion Thread for July 05, 2023
The Inflation Nightmare Continues: Prices Soar Despite Economic Recovery
Good panic stocks in case the Russians blow up Zaporizhzhia later?
$BABA Future in Wallstreet?
The lengths I go to remain bullish on my portfolio…
If all your accounts look like this, it's a sell signal
Mortgage catastrophe brews in Britain as millions are pushed toward insolvency
Wash sell
$PENN under valued
Meta goes all in on 'Twitter killer' app Threads
God bless America. Reminder to take your profits.
Warner Bros Discovery - licencing to Netflix
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 05, 2023
What keeps you at night
Real estate top is in
Life, liberty and the pursuit of 0DTE
The S&P 500 could hit a new record high thanks to tech and bank stocks, BMO investing chief says - SP500 NEW ATH soon
What the export restrictions of chinese metals represents to semiconductor business
How the fuck can you be a bear
Bears after the last 7 months
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-07 18:30:44
So long gay boys
Why $SAVE has a MONSTER setup for a 50x potential return.
3 years of straight regardation
$TROW YOLO with August Expiration
$NKLA is a dogshit company, but this stock may rip higher next week.
[AMA from a RIVN millionaire] - Got into RIVN at $0.035 and now it’s almost at $25
VOLD question
Thoughts on VDC & Other Stocks
Mm Yes Rivian Daddy
all-in on barbie stock, Mattel DD ($MAT)
More UVIX puts
I locked myself in a box spread and levered myself at 3.33x on SPY/QQQ
Boutta be sipping some primo tea after this cup and handle ☕️
Employment will peak in November
Jim Cramer: "Whatever Twitter can do, Zuck can do better".
House prices in Britain are falling due to high mortgage rates, and the situation could worsen - ProfessPost
Anyone bullish on $MAT
Puts on ups?? Calls on fedex??
Daily Discussion Thread for July 07, 2023
Tesla starts to lay off some workers at China factory - Bloomberg News
Inflation of stock prices
Threads is the future bruh.😂
It might be 'idiocy' to buy ahead of earnings season, says Jim Cramer
Elon visiting threads app for the first time like…
Tesla gives new owners in the UK a grabbing stick after forcing them to get left-hand-drive
$SYNA Synaptics an edge-AI play. Hardware AI Company before its time?
Perfect time to repost this as we are possibly heading for a major correction.
Threads Becomes Most Rapidly Downloaded App, Raising Twitter’s Ire —— $META
tAkE mY MoNeY eLoN
Don’t you think it is time to burst the tech bubble
Elon is getting ZUCKED RAW, META 8k YOLO
Bond market
The name of the company: Tesla Inc.
A new challenger arrives
Barbie movie will print and push $MAT?
FDA grants full approval for Biogen Alzheimer’s drug that slows cognitive decline
There’s a new EV Belle of the Ball
Earnings Play Zebra Technologies
ABST volume?
RIVN YOLO Price Point $40
Upcoming Earnings Strategy EVs and Airlines
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 07, 2023
I’m not naming any $META names, but I think I know how this ends
send me location
MSCI Inc trade idea.
Twitter is threatening to sue Meta over Threads
On a nice run. $105k realized profit in 3 months. Bullish on PTON and RUN next if anybody wants to hit the casino with me
God Bless America ✌️✌️✌️
Lumen: Anything Left?
Buying the index with exceptions
UVIX puts
Get on the $SAVA and $BIIB train
Sometimes, you don’t even have to read the headline.
crushing your hopes and dreams
Take profits, and don’t be gay.
AMC Regard in 2023
Disney is fukt
Combine losses with my noob account are about 40k… ask me next time if you wanna inverse me. Diamond hand, 0dte apparently is not the way…
Old skewl 1337 TSLA gain porn (+NVDA bonus)
Elon says Tesla Self-Driving Cars Will Arrive ‘This Year'
We’re in the true dawn of EV
Daily Discussion Thread for July 06, 2023
$META earnings📈📈
Hindsight is 20/20
Rivian kissed the 200 DMA yesterday and closed at some old resistance. If it closes above these lines today, looks like it's gonna climb.
Black out only, Go!
We talking TSLA gains? +1,062%
This research paper from Kansas City Fed is causing the huge sell-off in Treasury bonds.
Since everyone is posting their $TSLA gains…
Zuck pulling some good numbers with THREADS
You are fucked.
NNDM - Is ChatGPT trying to 3D Print itself a body?
TeSLA iS OverValued!
Tesla cybertruck spotted at Stanford near Tesla HQ. All in puts 😭
Straddle strategy
Reviewing WSB charts
Meta's Twitter killer Threads goes live early and with a bang!
Zuck did it again
Zuck’s fork in the road
Henny thing is possible when you’re regarded enough $TSLA🚀
$NVDA puts- All in
The prophecy was foretold
$TSLA earnings📈📈
Started trading spreads, and options in general a month ago, I think I’m off to a pretty great start.
100k of call options on some potato chip factory and a reverse viagra company. Degenerate plays are #poweredbypltr gains
every earnings call
Which Alien Stocks are going to the Moon? $UFO
Nikola Motors (NKLA) double sales in Q2 as Fuel Cell truck orders flow in
Doubled down, long $ROPE next
eVTOL stonks are ready for takeoff.
Zuck did it again; chose a trademarked name with an existing product & website! Calls on whoever owns threads.com!
Luckily grabbed Tesla at its bottom
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 06, 2023
GM says it could face compliance challenges under new emissions rules
After Meta and Threads, Zuck's next inspiring product name leaked:
AI Trading. Is it possible?
Bull Indicators from Cocaine Found in White House?
I opened a short position on UL (Unilever). Here is why.
Musk vs. Zuckerberg: The Impact on Stocks
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-07 18:31:01
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-08 18:30:11
Its not an addiction its a hobby
How I imagine the average WSB user
Netflix's Password-sharing Crackdown Is Going So Well That One Wall Street Bear Just Upgraded The Stock
All GUH trades
Major U.S. Retailers Are Closing More Than 6,000 Stores | Investing.com
All in Tripled Down
I flatline on weekend
Rivian Stock sustains the Gains, what does this do to Amazon?
SPY Bull Credit Spreads and Mercury Retrograde
What OS drives Rivian?
The Most Memeable Stock Ever - $SPHR (MSG Sphere)
WSB OG and some new degenerates
We all know what this means...
CNBC's Cramer speaks highly of Meta's new Threads platform. He says "It's cooking!" Is a strong sell indicator for Meta?
This is financial advice
What are you, some kinda money allergic pleb? YOLO, RIVN Calls
INVERSE BULL STRATEGY = 132K
Listen to Dr. Copper.
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 10th, 2023
Fed’s Goolsbee sees ‘golden path’ to lower inflation without a recession
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of July 08, 2023
If you knew the future?
One month of all-in YOLOing a $500 deposit into SPX 0DTEs.
Buying condors changed my life 🚀🌑
Next industry going to the moon?
Exploring the potential of Rivian $RIVN
All day every day 🚀
Will I get my $1000 back?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-09 18:30:22
Option leaps vs shares
The Streisand effect is helping Threads take off
Rivian trying to come back from the grave
PUTS on UL? (Ben & Jerry)
Opportunity
The Nasdaq-100 Index Special Rebalance to be Effective July 24, 2023
Lend me your opinion my fellow regards
Bullet proof concept on how to make infinite money
UL
The weekends are bittersweet
Wsb lunch spesial
Forbes World’s Billionaires List 2023: The 200 richest people in the world revealed
Now Why Would They Do That?
Your wife and her 4 boyfriends say: “ok then, show us how to successfully trade”
Thoughts on PayPal
Smooth brained moves
Improve your option plays with a quick statistics lesson
QuantumScape opportunity ripening
Puts on banks realeastate.
The Metals Company ($TMC) -
SPYRIM
$ATVI / $MSFT hearing outcome predictions?
USA Cannabis Sector about to light up: $MO (Altria) + $ CURLF (Curaleaf) + $CRON (Cronos) 3-Way Merger 🌿🔥 😎
RTX – we love big weapons and FCF
How the heck does a boomer stock Sirius Radio make so much money?
Two days before it bottomed: Rivian Stock Is Reaching New Lows. Sell It Anyway, Say Analysts
Jim Cramer predicts an ‘economic wave’ will soon hit the US — and it will be ‘fantastic for investors.’ 🫡
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-10 11:15:17
Daily Discussion Thread for July 10, 2023
GUH…I’m not very good at this investing thing. Anyone know an advisor?
ESTechnicalAnalysis – Chart updated for today’s sessions
RIVN ghey bers still don’t know who they fuckin’ with
It's not over yet bulls. Bears are using "Aggressive Bear steepener" with "Higher Term premia". What does it mean though? 🤣
👁️
This is where all the gains go then.
Trading Meta calls.
Calls on micro-p surgery industry!
India's Jio set to sign $1.7 billion deal with Nokia for 5G equipment
Forbes World’s Billionaires List 2023: The Top 200
Buying the dip
Is trading mostly luck or skill?
Regards: are 0DTE options the way?
Auto-finance delinquencies rise past Great Recession peak - what's the best way to profit off this tragedy? without being a bad boy Repo man
BB Will it move?
Give me that sweet sweet Zuck 😳😩💦
Oh yes Daddy Rivian
So long, gay boys
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 10, 2023
WSB regards when they make $10 in profit after losing thousands
How can I profit from this?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-10 20:28:46
TROW YOLO August calls
It ain’t much but I’ll keep buying
Silicon Valley Bank
We all know how priceless motivation can be - do your kids a favor and give them more of it
Tesla is going to 100$ before November
YOLO RIVN/META Calls go home bears
Why I believe in Rivian (RIVN)
I gave you $SAVE. My next play is $PENN, and my hedge is $GOOGL.
No seriously, what in the world is going on here?
I bring you love
Remember when I got Margin Called on CVNA? Well…
CARVANA dichotomy
life after rivian bois.
Are we permabulling Rivian?
Join the Roblox Revolution! A Bullish Trend Beckons with Favorable RSI and MACD signals
TMC from a Geologist
Citi downgrades US stocks sees SP 500 back to 4k, time to buy calls instead and go for 5k?
$MSOS $TLRY $CURLF "Germany Unveils Draft Bill To Legalize Cannabis" - Forbes
July 10 - Long term CVNA holdings
TMC
WSB Regards With Their Life Savings
Biweekly Anonymous SPCE-bagholder meeting
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-13 10:53:20
Win Win Trading Technique
ELIR why tanking economy equates to bull market
Shoulda gone long tomatoes. I learned nothing from the great soybean squeeze.
Remember that myth if you get hit in the back of the head hard enough you go cross-eyed? Welp. Get your helmets on $METArds listen up!
Keep your eyes on Paypal
Global public debt hits record $92 trillion, UN report says
Is anyone buying bonds? 🤣
Paypal is extremely undervalued
Helikon and Brontë shorting firms
Fellow degenerates I need your help!!!
RKLB
Almost doubled my investment on Rivian stock
Bears aren't dead. 2H 2023 and 2024 is gonna be fun for bears
Vuzix Receives OEM Order from Client Enabling Imaging Technology Solutions for Government, Defense and Commercial Markets
I am a high school science teacher. $10,000 call on Crocs. Am I eukaryote or prokaryote?
Heres an options trade for you - BNS - if you think financials will rally
FTC to appeal judge's decision denying injunction against MSFT-ATVI merger
It's Prime day again; They tricked me into buying more items than I ever have in the past. Should I be buying long-dated calls on AMZN?
Disney gives CEO Bob Iger two extra years to find another successor
AI! This changes everything! NASDAQ 30,000.
You’re missing the rally on MVST
Twitter and Elon Musk face $736 million lawsuit for allegedly refusing severance for fired employees
15k Intel Calls Yolo
VZ YOLO
Tesla Energy truck is a Chevrolet 2500 HD diesel burner…Puts on $TSLA?
Did we enter recession in 2022 or not?
Update on 10k in PYPL
Yolo hood 12c 12/18 400 contracts & MSFT 377.5c 12/14
Nasdaq is making a big change to its most popular index. Here’s how it might impact your portfolio.
[OC] Sentiment on "Inflation" VS EURUSD. The yellow Inflation line is based on text analysis of 3,062,342 financial news articles.
‘YOLO’ spenders are propping up the economy —but they’re about to run out of cash
This sub has become a cesspool of filth and lunacy
Gentlemen, I regret to inform you, that it may be Quantumscape time again
$HOOD $16k 7/21 YOLO
GOLD: Breakout
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 13, 2023
META $235C $39k --> $2.6M. Next up, PYPL!!
Isn't PCE the figure that's most important when addressing inflation?
How long until I give it all back?
Another bear down
When brrr? +98% down 🤡 😭
$HOOD 200k Yolo
Long $BLK ahead of earnings
#CVNA Bears who?
Elon Musk launches his new company, xAI
Strathmore Plus Uranium's Potential (TSXV: SUU) (OTC: SUUFF)
Breaking: Sniveling Scammer Takes Ball, Goes Home
Diamond in the Rough- $USB making a comeback 💎
$SSTK Shutterstock - OpenAI ChatGBT partnership - Images, Photos, & Videos
Inflation outlook for H2 2023
Bears are officially dead
Why Slower Inflation Won't Prompt the Fed to Lower Rates
CVNA Carvana GAINS 4000%+ and going
66k $RIVN YOLO
Rtx puts pattern play yolo update
NVDA 430C
$HOOD YOLO
Your daily dose of Schadenfreude - $25k loss in SPY puts
$215K trading CPI print
CPI for all items rises 0.2% in June RIP Bears
Domino's partners with Uber for food orders; shares rise
Little known stock beats TSLA returns with less volatility
Daily Discussion Thread for July 12, 2023
The Nasdaq-100 plans special rebalance of ‘magnificent 7’ to address overconcentration.
Banks and finance are trying to move up.
Elon Musk investigated by Tesla over secret glass house project: reports
$CVNA Due Diligence | Position Inside | Thoughts on Short Term Pricing | Data Points
AI hype is not Dead! Palantir is about leave you all behind $18 EOW confirmed 🚀
$SWK Stanley Black & Decker: DD For An Out-Of-Favor Recovery Bet
Robinhood introduces shortcuts to desktop
If gold goes into a super cycle dude practically robbed the bank.
Microsoft winning case to acquire Activision
$15,000 $COIN PUTS YOLO
‘Success fees’ and thirsty emails: inside a $90mn Twitter payout
Will AI--specifically, neural nets--take over the market?
Smartkutz is scamming but PENN is still a decentisn play
Was holding a small position in MOB - Mobilicom - as a placeholder- up around 80% yesterday with volume spiking from average of 77k to 91mm
Find me behind a Costco dumpster slurping down glizzies.
20k Balls deep on $HOOD, price target: MOON.
There is absolutely no possible way $ABNB isn’t being manipulated right now
A beginners positions on delta airlines before earnings on thursday
Nothing feels better than making 5k in the morning and DoorDash at noon (in rich zip codes for extra tips)
Saudi Public Investment Fund reports $16 billion in 2022 losses as LIV Golf merger moves forward
Ladies and Gentlemen, we STILL got him.
Been watching this chart for years. Bullish indicator confirmed. Tomorrow we moon.
Activision Blizzard stock surges just moments after judge allows Microsoft merger
mainsplain calls and puts to a lowly woman pls
The chart is trying to tell me
Is the bottom in for LNG?
An interview with a bear
Jim is that your “lucky” head?
All in $MRNA. This is ready for some lift
Ber is proven to be most fukd of the fuk words
$27k in SPY puts expiring tmrw
$45k TSLA YOLO
u/smartkuz YOLOs are fake. He’s pumping low liquidity options with the help of bots and exiting after a small move. These are actual YOLOs:
Rtx yolo puts cycle play
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 12, 2023
Too Real
Literally everyday
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-15 16:32:44
Last thing I sent my Ex-GF before being blocked.
Give me investment advice based on this unknown chart. Will reveal what it is after
Where’s my profit!
The Next Short Squeeze, the Next Tesla
my new options strategy
Bulls help blind bears. Verb, not adjective
In honor of the First CyberTruck Built at GigaTexas - The Origin Story
Everything is going swimmingly in anticipation of the IPO
It’s on solid foundation, don’t worry
How does my bearish take on Carvana make you feel? #proudbagholder
Market sentiment.
Is NKLA legit?
Volkswagen CEO Schaefer tells managers 'the roof is on fire'
Is it possible to make more than the price movement of an underlying asset without relying on leverage from my broker?
Investments while at war in my 30s
Will Nel ASA take off 18.07.2023 - Ticker D7G
BLK options on fridays?
A Rivian owner was in a fender bender. The repair bill was $42,000.
Years later, still thinking about how I 🦆ed up
UFO disclosure is coming, who are you betting on?
NVDA play it both ways
History will repeat itself, NVDA will correct
2011 Nasdaq rebalance screen shot.
NVDA 200+ PE ratio. Thoughts?
After 3 years, I’ve finally made a profit.
Good week, Bad year. Can I pull myself out?
A Current NVDA Stock Option Perspective.
Indicators are useful and I will die on this hill.
Jumping on the NVDA TRAIN. Holding 30 shares with a 137 average. Decided to take a stab after todays intraday spike. Or is is it interday?
Saw this and thought of you Nvidia bros, assume this was the DD? Wen beach party? 
Aww did someone try to unionize?
Keeping it simple
All in $PYPL Update #1
Top confirmed
Heres a multi bagger - Financials
FCK NVDA! I bought puts!
SPXS: Sold SPXL and bought SPXS at $13.45. Market Pullback next week?
FYI for anyone trading options: If you like holding on to your money, don’t even think about buying/selling SPY/SPX options.
It's the Media and Entertainment industry being impacted most by AI? 🤔
Boomer Loss Porn GUH
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of July 15, 2023
Played both sides of Nvidia today 😎
9k Loss with unrealized 14.5k P&L
Trade Desk (TTD) Next Week
0DTE SPX PUTS | 17K Gains
Your thoughts on TSLA upcoming earnings?
SARK YOLO
Am I buying calls correctly?
$CVNA 0DTE 25K Loss
SpaceX Is Now Worth More Than Boeing and Raytheon
NVDA PUTS 0DTE
The $60/Share Bull Case for DAL
Teamsters walked away from negotiations $UPS
AMD: Breakout
Quit my job and converted my 401k to self directed brokerage. Loss porn, happy Friday y’all!
Rtx calls this time
Apparently “Stonks go up” is a concept too difficult for some to understand
I love Nvidia
Bears watching Nvidia break a new 52 high every day.
If I wanted to bet on Dupixent, is REGN or SNY the way to go?
$CVNA 0DTE YOLO, 27K Play @ 40.00 C
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 17th, 2023
Nikola Resurrection Only Tip Of Bosch Green Hydrogen Scheme
Anyone buying MSTR calls ?
Someone check on USD he's struggling real hard
The secret weapon
Daily Discussion Thread for July 14, 2023
TSM earnings 'money glitch' update
Real interest rates went from -8% to 2.28%. If rates are like gravity to stocks (F = - mg) so why are stocks moving at velocity = √2GM/r.🤣
Nature is healing
Never got it right ..
Down $37k All-Time, looking for a spark!
Not Powell it's the Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen moving Global Financial Markets.🤣
Goog is highly undervalued.
Dividends vs no dividends short and long term effects
$W Wayfair: significantly over-valued price and ready to dump to 30 (or feel free to inverse me and watch to jump to 300).
$coin possible to go further?
NFLX printer goes Brrrrrr
$SAVE $35 Call Potential?
Did I do Call Options right?
Attention all 🌈🐻
Time to Sell? Hims&Hers hit with huge concern as Spruce Point EVISCERATES the company in latest report citing no advantages
Thanks for shorting on the way up NVDA bears your liquidity is appreciated, Best Regards 😘
Inflation is NOT OVER until NROU coincides with unemployment data
Been a good year
500k+ PYPL YOLO. Can we repeat last year's rally?
BIG COIN CATALYST STILL COMING
Some people will say it’s fake or paper account
MJ: Marijuana Sector could be starting its reversal. In at $3.30
NVDA printer go brrrrr
To be clear, I honestly am bearish on this market and have been for a while. I guess we all really should inverse ourselves.
Need some regardation
Who will hold the bag with AAPL stock?
I have a blown up taxable account with $1.85 left. What 0dte can I buy tomorrow to turn it around?
Long dated calls on BITO why not?
Google Trends search interest: ChatGPT vs. Minecraft
NVDA bull case through big tech earnings
Wtf are 🐻 smoking?
What have you learned from growing your account?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-16 21:39:20
7 Year Streak of SPY Closing Higher in July Versus June - Mid Month Update
Bears earlier this year
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 17, 2023
Free awards for everyone for all smooth brain regardless
Negg. Good action last couple days.
What's wrong with this trading strategy?
Should have bought Nasdaq
All in on calls, forever. 🐻 r fuck
Calls on Target and Dollar General.
The AI narrative is just getting started
Those shrooms hitting
R401k YOLO into TSLA! (Holding)
Start ‘em young
Can modern medicine explain WHY DO I DO THIS!
How to become a capitalist?
Global stocks have gained $3.3tn in market cap this week All stocks are now worth $108.8tn, which equals 108% of global GDP.
NVDA / TSLA / QQQ ???
NVDA long game win and out! My third and final exit.
Missouri Marijuana Sales Reach $3million Per Day
What's the sentiment towards TSLA Earning?
NVDA short proof. Will continue to short
Cybertruck spotted in the wild…loading calls
The hype surrounding AI stocks is undeniable, as evidenced by the accompanying graph.
You don't f with the m
Investors Are Bailing on Cathie Wood’s Popular ARK Fund
Bears Checking Their Ports Monday Morning 🤡🐻🏳️‍🌈
Isaac Newton was one of us
AI is bullshit and a scam
The Impending Cybertruck Disappointment: High Cost, Low Range
The long-awaited rebound in investment banking has yet to materialize, making for a disappointing quarter.
Has the Stock Market Helped or Hurt you?
AI-related stocks drove virtually all of the S&P 500 returns in 2023 - is AI hype just a bubble?
Last minute appeal to block $69 billion Microsoft-Activision deal is blocked
SAFE Banking has Confirmed Support of 9 Republican Senators to Overcome Filibuster
Based on a True Story
Fuck your Disney calls
Economic Strength and Recessions
Simufilam Reduces Decline in Alzheimer's by up to 98% (SAVA)
Tesla bears when they see Cybertrucks for the first time
Looks like it’s time to go all in on $TSLA calls! Cybertruck is finally coming.
TSLA bears on Monday
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-17 19:03:13
Come back szn pt 2 but this time I’ll actually become a millionaire
RIVN will not survive
Wall st
AI is investing in itself
UAP Disclosure Act of 2023
When you make your first profit
Why Robinhood?
I will post as gain rtx yolo up date
$MAT Mattel: Barbie, old dog new tricks. [Barbie movie discussion]
50K HOOD YOLO - This is $15 EOW
BRICS timebomb
Loggee into an old 401k I forgot about. This is run by 'Professional Regards' wtf?
Cup and handle forming - see you at 7$
Crash imminent 🤡🐻
Bought SPY puts, it's time to buy calls.
NVIDIA: The Turbocharged Unicorn of Investments! 🚀🦄
Shorting NVDA for $50K
Are the Cruise Lines back? NCLH RCL CCL
TSLA fanbois rn
Virgin Galactic - Virgin Galactic Broadens Access to Space with First Private Astronaut Mission ‘Galactic 02’
Warren urges SEC to investigate Tesla over Twitter ties, corporate governance — CNBC
$90k Loss Porn
DIS is actually short for Disgusting
$tsla yolo for earnings
Fiserv?
$125k PayPal YOLO
July 17 - Long term CVNA holdings
16 k in 5 mins
$UPS Put go BRRR
$CVNA 20K FD | Switching to Puts | Volume Decreasing | 35.00 Strike
Well I’m back to even
Was over in u/ daytraders...hopium
Buying into the greed
Hypothesis that the Fed can set interest rates based on the movements of the planet Mars
[OC] Chart from 17.07.2023 showing sentiment of "China's Economy" (green) in 3,110,486 financial news articles. Blue=USDCNY. Tradervoice.io
A fight erupts in U.S. housing market as deteriorated affordability clashes with the 'lock-in effect'
Me when people tell me to stop gambling on stonks
Let’s hope the bulls can keep it going. Loaded up Friday. Yolo !!!!
Daily Discussion Thread for July 17, 2023
First Cybertruck production exiting Gigatexas. Thoughts?
Billionaires and corporate execs have dumped $9 billion worth of stock this year amid the market's latest rally
Bears this is a warning, this is your future if you don’t change your ways 
China reports second-quarter GDP miss, another record high in youth unemployment
WSB self help book
This Meme Brought to You by AI
MARA or RIOT LEAPS and why?
Wayfair DD -Aggregation from Discord and Elsewhere
I’ve been trading since 2016. 7 years in the making and these are my results 🥲
MAT Mattel is going to crush earnings
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-18 19:21:06
Still Relevant (Repost)
Quick Question about Leveraged Stocks
Does $CVNA keep pushing? 14% TODAY!
What is dead cannot die
Anyone else gonna buy Mattel?
$50k Cloudflare PUT YOLO Update
Thanks for the Tweet tip Satya, 900% return on $MSFT weeklies
$10K position on TQQQ options
Thanks $MSFT - Knew you’d come back for me 😛
I Didn't buy calls on MSFT$ like I posted about yesterday 😭😭😭
Gonna miss my rent and credit card payments, what’s the next play
$NOW is closing on it’s ATH
The AI trading journey begins. Throwing $3k into automated trading strategies. Will I eat a bag of dicks? Roast me if you must
Will Zim continue going down the drain?
105k PYPL YOLO. YOU DONT KNOW ME SON!
JPOW will be remembered as a hero who crushed inflation and saved the stock market
Why should I buy a car when we have UFOs?
RKLB is 🚀 after a great launch mission yesterday! Up $8,000 so far.
$CVNA | Heavy Put Losses (~75%) | Switched to Calls | ~34K FD YOLO | 44.00 Calls
This is gonna hurt
Bought calls at open spy
I'm never buying Spy Puts ever again
Thinking to inverse Wayfair puts into calls
Damn, how do they do it?
In other words: "Damn these accounting standards, if it wasn't for them I'd value my Twitter holding at $500bln (or some other silly value)"
Is it smart to buy an ATM LEAP call for SQQQ or UVIX?
Goldman Sachs cuts probability of US recession in next 12 months
NUCLEAR CARS LET'SSS GOOOOOOOO
68% of fund managers believe in Soft landing.
Bank of America's profits jump 19% on strong Wall Street showing, Strength of US Consumers
The upcoming NASDAQ100 Rebalance
HOW WE CAN MINMISE OUR LOSSES AS RETAIL TRADERS .....
Tesla directors pay $735 mln to settle lawsuit over excess compensation
Daily Discussion Thread for July 18, 2023
How the SAFE Banking Act Affects the Emerging and Rapidly
How do I buy calls on VisualBot?
Chinese real estate giant Evergrande records staggering losses of $81 billion over the course of the last 2 years - ProfessPost
Are $NVDA and $META as good as they seem?
Fiverr from my point of view
Nel ASA: Second quarter 2023 financial results
Netflix stock hits 17-month high as analysts forecast ‘competitive advantage’ from Hollywood strike
Pay Raises Are Finally Beating Inflation After Two Years of Falling Behind
Nasdaq and QQQ Moving Averages.
The Government Is Quietly Suing Its Way To Broader Powers Over Traders
They are self aware. It's over for us.
Refining my 401k skills. Soon, YOLO PIOBX
Who else is trading $COIN for some coin?
Disney $100+ EOY! Loaded up!
Ol’ Yellen
$RKLB launch successful
ALCC - Sam Altmans SPAC, Oklo a micro nuclear reactor startup. - This thing is radioactive (Don't touch it)
Robinhood's new news service (Sherwood) calls WSB cool, untrustworthy in pitch deck.
$TSLA inverse...?
PayPal YOLO
MSFT$ has a AI showcase tomorrow, is it already priced in?
Topped up on $Bud puts last week
Elon said FSD is in the bag EOY 🍆 💦 aka by 2040… maybe
Cashed out pre-earnings for 3x gain. Position: 10x $TSLA 300 Strike price LEAPS
Unspoken risk with student loan payments resuming
Fuck the haters, NEGG is my $250,000 play within the month! YOU WILL REMEMBER WHEN YOU CALLED ME REGARDED!!!
SAVE merger play
History never repeats itself, but it does often rhyme
Thank you tesla and rivian
Tesla Used Car Prices
Short Sellers and the Bull Market
Disney
HDFC Bank ($HDB) trade idea.
$40k PLTR CALLS YOLO
PYPL: Next technical levels (chart)
TSLA is overvalued and should go down so I bought calls
Do I hold through earnings?
I am the Bull Flag
Am I crazy or is BUD going to get completely destroyed on their August earnings report?
Strategic Partnership Between IonQ And QuantumBasel Could Transform Switzerland Into A European Quantum Powerhouse
Why are Activision Call Options with $95+ strike trading at these prices?
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 18, 2023
Gain using long term leap strategy
Will Barbie + Oppenheimer create a new meme synergy for AMC in the coming weeks?
Bullish on 🇨🇳
PYPL leaps hype train all aboard
Why you should run away from AMD like the plague
Is it (QuantumScape $QS) in?
50k YOLO on $NET $70 puts expiring Friday
$TSM is extremely undervalued and overlooked, especially with AI
Easy money available shorting CVM
Discussion on Currently on Bloomberg Radio: "Fed Approaching End of Rate Hikes?" and the Following Ramifications
PLTR YOLO Update. Holding for 50-100. Palantir is the most important company in the world right now.
$PYPL gonna go nuts?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-19 20:18:21
Perma-bulls and perma-bears getting their epiphany (colorized)
Thoughts and Opinions on CLBR
Lucid (LCID) EVs are available for lease for the first time in Saudi Arabia. Possible short squeeze? $LCID
Tomorrow It Begins...
I have successfully predicted the next three months:
My bags feeling lighter already
Every TSMC investors worst nightmare
Spy is pulling back time to dump gains on crypto bro!
Logic has left the chat
Found this at school found it appropriate for the guy using his rent money. Calls on Christianity
Apple is building its own ChatGPT
$CVNA $20K Loss on Naked Calls
Want advice from you regards please
Apple finally figured out which letter comes after A...
Netflix removes cheapest ad-free plan after launching new ad-supported tier
Everyone talking about CVNA but what about ATT? 8% jump today what gives?
The Verge: Apple is testing an AI chatbot but has no idea what to do with it
LESL just gapped down. But there's more downside.
Still haven't learned
Bad call guys next call (Shorted NVDA and Pepsi <- prior)
Insane risky RTX play
Are we in a late-stage bubble on software/big tech like Feb/March 2000?
Thx tim
Is $LCID headed for another squeeze?
AAPL and our Future Sino-Asian Overlords
Apple preps Ajax Generative AI to compete with ChatGPT & Google
Bought up COIN when it was $45 - $70 and got a small gain
Anyone knows what happened to $AAPL rn?
Now a 99.8% chance of rate hike next week. Get your $SPY calls ready!
Hodl
Will the Writer's Strike and SAG-Aftra Strike have a notable implication on the jobless claims and unemployment levels?
WE ARE HOLDING 320 EOW
Cramer: Recession Cancelled!
Heard we were posting loss porn. Can you tell when I activated options trading?
26k gain 20 mins (50%) cvna
CVNA bears today
Long PE - $BX going to be your new landlord / credit lord / pimp for the next 10 years
RKLB gain porn
Anyone just waiting for a dip to happen or is it just me?
UPS Stock and the price
RTX pattern again
$UPST “What does Upstart do?”
80 CVNA $59 calls, 7/21. Average price of $0.09, sold for $2.40 right at open.
The Best Trades Show a Profit from the Start - 40K $HOOD YOLO
December buys CVNA $182k to $2,500,000
Get rekt 🐻
RIP to my puts, I guess “dumb money” wins. Best I can hope for now is an investigation into how they cook the books by next week….
TSLA Before & After Earnings Today
Covid 19 disabling your workforce and tanking your earning season
Honest WSB
All in on lead covered cables!
RIP to CVNA puts and shorts
Daily Discussion Thread for July 19, 2023
NDX100 Post Special Rebalance Weights - 24 July
Need advice
I Have Succesfully Predicted 42.0 Of The Last 2 Market Crashes
Thanks $MSFT
What happens to stocks if this AI hype turns out to be a big fart?
To Sail Forbidden Seas, $HOOD - Q2/23 ER Guess
"Threads Usage Drops By Half From Initial Surge" - Calls on Meta, I guess!
Does Cathie Wood need a summer intern?
NFLX YOLO
Stonk only go up - next stop 100!
LETS GO TSLA
UNH Yolo. 47k in gains so far
Here is a visual aid to help you better understand Carvanas upcoming earnings call. 🫡
PLTR & RKLB Before August ER?
The people bitching about NVDA price but not ADBE explain yourselves.
Loss porn & yolo on life saving / IRA / 401k
Large % of Q3 earnings straddles are trading below the 1Y average realized moves
New robinhood features allows you to see how big of a loser you are 😭
TESLA All In
$CVNA Moving Up Results 2 Weeks to Tomorrow Morning
Puts on India? - Most outsourced coders in India will be gone in 2 years due to AI
$CVNA YOLO ~54K FD | Earnings Moved Up From Aug 3rd | Thoughts
Oh we are so back
Gain porn
Just updating the group on my carvana puts. How do they make you feel? 🩸
CVNA moving earnings up to 7/19
Thinking about inversing the "Thinking to inverse Wayfair puts into calls" into more puts
Carvana Slides After Moving Up Earnings Date Without Warning
UPDATE $PYPL YOLO 💎🙌🚀
First 3mo of Options Trading, 10X on a unit-based sports betting approach, assuming I'm leaving some cash on the table.
First ETF offering protection against 100% of stock losses. This literally can't go tits up.
It’s 🐻 turn to eat!! NVDA put for December!
185k pypl yolo
Market these days
Bears rn
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 19, 2023
Energy Transfer LP ($ET) trade idea.
Update on my TSLA calls 🫡
What’s going on with $NFLX ?
Should I be worried about Tesla earnings tomorrow? Will this be discussed on the call?
Bob Iger Shifts From Building an Empire to a Disney Yard Sale
5% is not bad, right guys?
AI Today VS. ANYTIME 10 Years Ago..
TGT - Too Becky To Fail
$PYPL Price Target $100 by end of August
Thoughts on Mattel
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-20 18:30:33
Doggo discovers Cramer
Mattel to the moon?
TSLA 1DTE Call Holders before and after earnings
Carvana spins lower after S&P warns debt deal could be tantamount to default
Tesla’s profits have increased despite implementing price cuts
Blackstone Reaches $1 Trillion in AUM
Question about the new Fed quick exchange.
7/21 $272.5 TSLA CALLS
$GNRC 20k yolo
$SNAP $10p 8/30 for Earnings Next Week
+$130K gains on Regional Banks. Be greedy when others are fearful!
I love when I stay true to my strategy 💪🏽
Trade smart, not hard
$TSLA Bulls Screamed GrEeN DaY after I called for $270 into ER.. and look where Tesla Went. Regarded DD wins again
And so the 1929 crash begins. ( 78.6% fib+ Vana charm fade+ Max PE 20&E230 + -ve correlation +Inverted yield curve+ D. spiral +Lag effects )
"How low can yah go!! how low can yah go!!" -Me bag holder.
$AMPX Power to Your Portfolio 🔥
Trying to time the TSLA dip…
Tesla stock drops on margin concerns, Musk warning on Q3 production
Sigh. Who's the regard that bought a big call on $TSLA at 3:59pm EST yesterday?
XOM for a win
Rtx yolo i got out alive and with money
Cava puts
So with both ASML and TSM(C) earnings/calls complete how do we feel for the future of AI/semi-conductor chips sentiment?
Did we learn the difference yet?
TSLA fall
Daily Discussion Thread for July 20, 2023
Tesla may keep cutting prices in 'turbulent times', Musk says
TSM earnings call
META Megaphone Update - Posted 4 Months Ago
The best investment strategy rn
Musk, Tesla board to return $735M after being sued for overpaying themselves
Blast from the AI Past
If my brokerage account can speak
First Ever Honest Federal Reserve Meeting - Meeting Notes
$CVNA -> $100+ Price Soon or Shadow Realm
Oh TSLA what have you done…
Shorting Cathie Wood’s ARKK with my life savings.
This should do alright?
$TSLA $300 -> $270 MINIMUM.. Cybertruck Production is about to COOK THIS STOCK
Michael Burry on Pac West Bank:
Bank on Global Warming
I am confident that Target and Dollar General (calls) are free money.
Time to short Aerospace/Lockheed
CVNA recent debt exchange. Discussion of details.
QQQ Holders Next Week
SiriusXM, it may be time?
So I was just listening to the entirety of the TSLA earnings call...
The exact state of your $TSLA calls 9:30AM.
Testing if this stock ticker is allowed in here $TSND
📉
Am I doing this right?
Carvana W
It make no sense
Netflix You Guys Are Fucking Idiots
See ya later boys...
The stock market is rigged
The Babylon Bee gets it
It’s okay guys…I can make it back
Need help understanding a few things dividends related.
Can't sell Carvana calls above $59
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 20, 2023
$CVNA 6X Gains | 54K ---> 396K | $342K Profit | 6 Bagger
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-21 16:31:52
Small $SPY and $XLF YOLO for next week... in Jpow we trust
Tesla CEO Elon Musk: 'We're using a lot of Nvidia hardware'
Lucid is the next Tesla
Lost a lot of money on $TSLA recently… so I’m a gay bear 🌈 now
Elon said ARK invest is "the best" at analysis.
$CVNA 0DTE ~$15K FD Yolo | 42.00 PUT Play | 400 Contracts
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 24th, 2023
When you meet with prime minister of Luxembourg and you show up in sweat pants - calls on google
Daily Discussion Thread for July 21, 2023
I thought it was a myth.
Autist in the wild
stock price = earnings call listeners x number of times AI mentioned
STX.L - Shield Therapeutics (UK Aim Market) SHIEF:US:OTC US
WARNING: Options gambling may royally fuck up you life!
Will the nasdaq special rebalancing next Monday negatively impact the Big 7?
Inflation Going Back Up
Is TSLA going to repeat history
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is the World’s Newest Tech Billionaire
HOOD calls for $13.5k
Think Wintrust is safe from the commercial real estate bomb?
Why is no one talking about Upstart? 👀
one red day and bears are like
Is anyone following the Apellis story?
The number of Americans who say they were rejected for a loan reaches highest rate in 5 years
Pt. 2 The Most Memeable Stock Ever - $SPHR (MSG Sphere)
Olaplex - OLPX thesis
Upcoming QQQ rebalance
Yolo into regional banks and rdfn. Time to get greedy?
Massive Box Office Weekend Incoming $AMC $WBD Barbie FTW!
Satellite radio rocks
My life since joining this sub
Tsla Yolo
Woke up a brokie
TSLA Calls vanquished my last hope. Had $1k 24 hours ago
Does this mean all of the short Hedgefund positions are underwater?
Recession end 2023/early 2024
Im back? Kinda lol
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 21, 2023
$75k YOLO on Spy Calls for tomorrow
My SPY idiocy has no limits!
Enron Share Certificate. Bought for 95 cents just a few days before the bankruptcy. 😀
$KTOS to partner with shield AI, stock seeing steady rise and I believe it will hit $15 in next few days
With Tesla reporting record deliveries and revenue, is Rivian undervalued?
Federal Reserve announces that its new system for instant payments, the FedNow® Service, is now live
30% port into $SNAP Earnings / 2024 Puts - I havn't used this app since I was like 15
Fucking legend
U.S. leading indicators point to recession starting soon - Reuters
Trying TA on $F
SL Green a great opportunity?
I should have sold at 298
HOOD Updates PDT Policy
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-26 00:09:15
Maybe made the luckiest buy of my life. 30k in a day ($RTX)
18 year old regard yolos 12k into dish calls at close
Out with FAANG
JPOW WILL SAVE US
Spotify suffers $6 billion bloodbath amid price hikes
Hundreds of RTX-made jet engines recalled over metal contamination – sending stock tumbling
PACW- a swinging game
I should have sold
When VIX is 13.95 now, why taking VIX 15 put is attractive?
You see how one can be so responsible when things are green, but those red days really put me back
Brace yourselves, Rate hike is coming !
some of us tried to tell yall $DISH
$DISH update, news is out, stock 🚀🚀🚀 (Original OP)
BANKruptcy BINGO - UPDATED PACWEST BANCORP 🚀
Snap plunges more than 16% after earnings report
$SNAP ER PLAY 🙏🏻
PACW Puts 100k Gain
ThE MaRkEt Is EfFiCiEnT
Tick Tock Debt Clock: The Rising Costs of US Treasury Interest Payments
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 26, 2023
Beware the Two Humps
$30,000 bet on $MSFT earnings
New Investment Strategy What Do You Think?
Me and all you regards holding calls on MSFT🥳🥳
Curious about thoughts on $weat
This is absolutely zero risk: Massive theta gang bet on PACW
Teladoc Earnings on 07/25 afterhours
How to gain 5x with MSFT Earnings tonight
Shopify (SHOP): The Canadian eCommerce Giant Ready to Blast Off? 🚀🚀🚀
Hold or cut losses? $SPY 454 put exp 07/31
Are you playing SNAP earnings today? Here's why PUTS will be a winner.
Activision Acquisition
Follow up on $Dish play (original OP)
$UPST Upgraded!!
Upstart Update: 7/25/23
Bears right now
Consumer confidence hits highest level in two years
Breaking: Jay Powell Pre-FOMC press conference
Never quit
NVDA gain porn
Strike is called off
Disney Streaming, Entertainment (Movies), and now the Happiest Money Losing Cruise Line, on Earth.
EASY MODE ACTIVATED: Quick $9,500 one-day Gainz Selling AMC CSPs
Hey babe check it out I’m outperforming SPY. Oh really? Let me see the all time.
Case Shiller (CoreLogic research) shows residential prices are up for the third Month.
Dish and Amazon deal 100% happening
Guys RTX is way oversold I am all in calls at the bottom. (Not selling yet)
This is what you call your guidepost to "Higher DXY" because of the European financial crisis that is coming.
Chad Money: Earnings Season
Loss porn
IMF: Global economy is improving but inflation is still enemy No. 1
Supposed to use this as a $50k down payment on a house, already paid the non-refundable deposit… Does this qualify as a YOLO?
Guys I thought FOMC meant "Fear of Missing Calls" I am truly regarded.
Daily Discussion Thread for July 25, 2023
Prominent Bear Throws In The Towel
Blackstone will become the first private equity firm with $1 trillion in assets under management this year.
Never quit.
Recession my ass part 2
$DISH "Boost Wireless" + $AMZN Prime will re-define the future of wireless. Huge call option buying over the past few days. 🐳🔮
Pictures say it all. Robinhood is shady AF.
Why $DISH could be making a huge comeback and should be given a look this week
Are people buying Mattel b4 earnings?
FOMC meeting preview
Lazy memer fixes a lazy memers meme
$115k PACW Earnings Play - Ready to Get My Cheeks Spread AH Tomorrow 🍑📉
See you at the top of my tendy thrown tomorrow boys
BNS trade - take 20% or ride it out?
Puts on TSLA
Tesla stock downgraded by UBS
Try to guess when I discovered options.
GILD Outlook After Recent News
Student Loans and Leaps
Robert Downey jr on Wall Street pits circa the 90s
Fearing being mauled by Bears, IRS agents take refuge....
PYPL 500K YOLO UPDATE #1
RTX YOLO earnings
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 25, 2023
SPX Calls, Regarded Bull
‘We Were Wrong’: Morgan Stanley’s Wilson Offers Stocks Mea Culpa
To moon and beyond 💰🚀📈 - r/wallstreetbets posted a net gain of $8.1M in June 2023
What to do with this?
Day Trading Edge
Puts on SNAP ahead of earnings tomorrow?
What are your views on DIS
Weekly PLTR YOLO Update. Holding for 50-100. Palantir is the most important company in the world right now. Adding a bunch on this dip.
Applying basic concepts of PE and EPS over SPX.
$SIRI 42K Loss | Switched to $AMC FDs For $35K Options Play @ 6.00 and 9.00 Strike
Bearish on .com?
Leaked Tesla Image Show a Cybertruck Wrapped To Look Like Ford F-150, Octavalve, & Small Frunk
When the word recession peaks its about 12 months later that it actually happens (the second peak)
How the market works
[DD - $BROS] Dutch Bros Coffee Company
I'm going to monopolize Bingo at the County fair next year
$DISH $AMZN DEAL?
July 24 - Long term CVNA holdings
$COIN - See you at $92! - Yolo Account Week 2
$SIRI | Updated $315K YOLO | 44.3K Shares + ~10K FD Options
NVIDIA stock could hit $769 on ~$300 billion AI opportunity by 2027 - Mizuho By Investing.com
With the FOMC coming this Wednesday, do you think it'll have a broad impact on earnings?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-27 23:58:02
US regulators kick off contentious effort to hike bank capital
Planning for CF's Earnings Report: A Tactical Approach
What do you guys think about the Maverick of Wall Street?
The AI Bubble has officially popped if Dhar Mann is beginning to talk about it. You will instantly regret buying calls.
Meta is 3/4ths of the way to pulling an Elon
Really I couldn’t have lost 3 more cents today…
TLRY
Tesla’s secret team to suppress thousands of driving range complaints
NVDA 465P 7/28
Do you guys know the GREEKS and Why the DISH GUY FAILED (Don't trade options close to expiry)
GameStop CFO to quit in second top executive exit in two months.
.
I love Disney and hate hedgehogs
Why not wheel?
Roblox YOLO gone wrong
500K PAYPAL YOLO UPDATE #2 (350K LOSS)
A New Rival Emerges
Best short positions for Ghey Bears RN?
Finest Spanish WSB Regards
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 28, 2023
Are the Markets trying to Anticipate a Growth Economy trend? 🤔
CVNA: yea or nay?
The Yolo Manifesto: I will gamble till I’m a millionaire
Wtf just happened
DD for bull market: the 1ncehost indicator
Drivers In The Southwest Are Learning Electric Cars Don’t Like It Hot
This kind of makes up for $DISH - 1DTE SPX
SPY vs SPXL?
SPY 0dte Is For Chads
Sold my 8 shares of MSFT and bought 30 more AMZN shares! My first 100+ share stock!
Inflation cool down taking time.
$F Earnings Play | 15K FD Puts @ 13.00 Strike | Short 14,400 Shares
Sunset on the solar bubble - ENPH FSLR puts
Tales from a 401k Administrator
Tesla EVs are apparently overestimating range when fully charged — on purpose
US economy defies recession fears with strong second-quarter performance — Reuters
Today, the Dow is poised to accomplish a feat it hasn’t achieved since 1897
Scam in the ongoing Apellis saga?
Axos bank - maybe pending Trump loan defaults, so short em?
DISH Loss Porn.
$CHPT, great upside potential
BULLISH...
I win more than I lose by cashing out early. Scalped 10k in profits
Citi to Track UK Office Attendance to Identify Hybrid Holdouts
Rocket Mortgage RKT set for liftoff? 🚀
wsb regards after losing money on AMC fd’s… again 
The US economy grew stronger than expected in the second quarter, but consumers are pulling back
US economic growth accelerated in 2nd quarter, exceeding expectations and quieting recession fears
Nice
After being down overall in the bull market of 20/21, I swore off individual stock picks. I broke the rule because of the dish guy.
Tesla exaggerated cars’ driving range - and then cancelled appointments when drivers complained
Nice.
I said I wanted to stop gambling. I can’t stop. 60k RTX YOLO
$PGY
Due Diligence on Lumentum Holdings Inc. (LITE) - Potential Supplier for Apple’s AR Headset
Elon Musk Confirms Tesla FSD v12 Alpha – the Final, Simple & Elegant Approach to Level 4 Autonomy
QS... it's this finally it?
Summary of major players in AI chips this earnings season
Looks like a 2005-2007 redux happening
Printing Cash with VIX Calls
Japan Yield Curve Control Band Change & Its impact on Credit Markets (Stonks Can Only Go Down) Afterwards.
U.S. Q2 GDP surges past consensus, helped by business spending
Time to buy leaps on US Steel $X
Meta paid off again !!! Let’s see how these print.
Exploring Potential in UPWK – An Open Discussion
IEX switching to maker-taker model
Rivian bulls who have been DCA’ing since IPO
Cramer’s Lightning Round: Move on from Rocket Lab [Should I go jacked to the tits on RKLB calls?]
New SEC rules put a time limit on reporting hacks and data breaches
How much trouble are Disney in?
Investing 101: The WSB Way
Daily Discussion Thread for July 27, 2023
Cheapest S&P puts since 2008
Global Central Banks Update
Anyone still holding WBD after T split?
I found a local degenerate
YOLO - 200 contracts / $BABA $98 Calls / Aug 04 2023 Expiration / ~$48k cost basis - wish me luck fellow regards
Netflix Makes Terrible Shows
Up 16K and held Lucid bags down to negative 2K🚗
YOLO'd the entire mortgage FOMC week (After Market Wednesday UPDATE!)
$HOOD Breakout Alert
I gave you the Microsoft dip, then the Meta skyrocket, my next play is Intel earnings tomorrow 😈
Why SNAP is Extremely Undervalued
Final $DISH Post (Copium + Loss Porn)
First one is always free 🥲
I was up over 17k and then I found options 🤌🏽
Would you trust AI at the doctor? Amazon launches new 'healthcare disruptor'
Long time lurker, first time betting. Waiting for INTC earning call tomorrow
Mitch be peepin the earnings calls
Natural gas price recovery: a tale of two tickers (AR and RRC)
Puts on $NYT
Choo chooooo Regards!
Should I roll my UPS puts? What new expiration should I pick?
Your biggest paper-handed trade?
$12,000 SPY 5DTE CALLS
Tech earnings this week
Finally broke even after 13 months of HELL
Zuck's "Year of Efficiency"
Value trading and rational market is gone
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-28 18:40:57
1000% ytd gains
2023 FED Stress Tests: Unveiling Resilience and Rewriting the Future
Inversions and Recessions and Drawdowns, oh my!
$51k TROW YOLO Update- July 28, 2023
Not a bad year
The Fed's favorite inflation measure cooled down even further in June
Manager at a PA Wendy's invented a fake employee and pocketed wages of $20,000
What if I took 2 loans out to invest in options?
Of course I bought F calls
August is historically the worst month for the stockmarket.....
The internet is stupid and yall love to fear monger (with recipts)
Buying OTM long calls on heavily shorted stocks
Selling uncovered call
$GPRO under valued 1000% gainer
No longer forcasting a recession
Sofi options exp. Aug 4th
Google’s building A.I. into robots to teach them to throw out the trash
TROW ROTH IRA YOLO - 1600%
Why is managed healthcare falling?
Nasdaq composite up 1.6% at market open
10k loss on SPY
SPY Go Brrr
God Bless Roku
whenever i think about doing options
Fuck Cathie, fuck Jerome, fuck Congressional insider trading, fuck passive investing, fuck risk tolerance and fuck $Dish Guy
$32k gain - July was good to me
This is why ECB was dovish yesterday even in the face of high inflation.
Daily Discussion Thread for July 28, 2023
A Black Swan lies in store for the US to have 0.7% Q3 GDP down from 2.4% Q2. Or its the analysts that are wrong & we are heading way higher.
$SAGE is about to go tits up
"Julian Robertson, the legendary investor, imparted a timeless message that continues to echo through Wall Street"
5 bagger on SPY
BOJ Surprises Financial Markets, Loosening Grip on Bond Yields in Ueda’s First Surprise
Bullish!
📉 Loss Porn Love 📈 Let's Support All YOLOs, Big or Small! 🚀
Silicon motion max linear merger arbitrage play (Similar to Twitter)
This pretty much sums up the market right now lol
Talkin to people on WSB be like:
The Bear Case for Northrop Grumman ($NOC)
$DISH is extremely undervalued
Bought high sold low
TotalEnergies CEO Says U.S. LNG ‘Important’ to Strategy and European Natural Gas Supply - $NEXT $TTE
Most Anticipated Earnings Releases for the week beginning July 31st, 2023
Inflation is under control now!
Inflation is tax
Was down 18k In December
Fuck Cathie Wood, fuck j pow, fuck pelosi, fuck biden, fuck the illuminati and fuck the $dish guy
Jim Cramer thinks a rally is in order
🌈🐻 at 1:30pm EST, 7/27/23
After this week
Tupper-where?
RTX Technical Analysis
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-29 18:35:36
The extreme bubble in stocks 'will end in tears' with the S&P 500 plunging 64%
$187k gain on UPST
Is $TEP a good investment regarding likely AI competition?
never zoom out
Who needs money these days anyway
Mat Ishbia Says the Quiet Part Out Loud - UWMC
How ABNB trading works and does it makes sense?
I will owe $50k to the IRS. Should I flee the country?
Meta P/E is 24
Have any of you regards been so regarded that you bankrupted a 200 year old bank
What does someone who works at the Fed do all day?
Already starting the rebranding effort!
Peak Oil Demand in China now predicted in the next couple of years
Up 150% in 3 months
What does upstart do?
DOJ will not pursue campaign finance charge against FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried
Zuckerberg implies less than half of Threads users have stuck around
Semiconductor Stocks VS Sales
I already took 4 loans out to finance my options plays. Here’s my journey
stock trading experience
My YOLO story continues
Lead Apatite Mining Stock?
UPSTART
What if I became a bounty hunter and tracked WSB members taking out loans
Undervalued Sectors/Regions?
Writers and Actor strike, possible repercussions. Which companies will be hit the most?
Account progression today
0DTE lotto trades gone wrong. Not sure how I’m going to recover from this.
$AMD YOLO (help me)
WTF is this? Atlanta Fed projects Q3 GDP to be 3.5%. Bond yields need to go much higher considering CPI will reaccelerate in Q3.
Calls on $ROPE
Cramer: Move on from RKLB
Roku 💎🙌
Welp I guess trading isn’t for me
Monday, I’ll know if I’m paying off schools loans with NVDA money or paying double the amount. Godspeed.
US oil giants announce reduced profits while increasing shareholder payouts - ProfessPost
Weekend Discussion Thread for the Weekend of July 29, 2023
ROKU options changed my life today
RTX leaps (but I’m not the RTX double down syndrome dude)
$NKLA swings
Broader market redux , Month End July 23
Ai is not overrated
McDonald's is creating a spinoff restaurant brand called CosMc's
The suspense
What if I took out 3 loans to invest in options?
Bears holding their worthless Puts
We're so fucking back
Thanks everyone for the support the other day. I’m going to be responsible with my gains and cash out.
I am sorry DISH guy!
That damn RTX winner
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-30 18:57:10
How can I invest in milk? The price looks low at moment.
Company information database
Trying to position the trigger since July 2021
Retirement Confidence Among Americans Has Hit An All-Time Low - ProfessPost
Want to start picking up options before earnings, what are your suggestions to beat IV crush and the other Greeks?
Why are big banks immune to bank run?
What the fuck
Who of you degens was this? 🌈🐻
Petrobras slash dividends from 65% FCC to 45% FCC
How every day as a 🌈🐻 feels like
Trader (1987) Movie
“GE Stock Surges: A Promising Turnaround Signals Bright Future for the Aerospace Giant”
Denial is a river in Egypt!
Regarded dreams
$DISH has the chance to strike a $3.59b deal with T-Mobile for spectrum licenses.
Are PLTR calls free money?
Short on XPEV 20$ 4-Aug puts. down 7k. gotta keep the loss prn alive
700 years of interest rates
How do you trade VIX ?
Arizona 99c can trading below the face value. Inflation = over.
GDP and Employment following 10y:3m yield curve inversion
August puts - Market is going to crash 💥. Thursday was early sign. August puts yolo
Inflation won't get to 2% in many years because the FDIC will continue to bailout banks to prevent bank failures
Floating Trains and LK-99
Wish me luck next week $ROKU 💎
What is the most you lost during one Day
The highest Interest rate with the best stock performance. WTF?
AAPL - What the hell should I do?
Will oil prices drive inflation higher in the 2nd half?
Who needs diversity?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-07-31 18:38:29
Robinhood doesn’t let me buy more AMC options today!
Degens when SPY moves up 12 cents after dropping $2
Pwm 500k ftds on a 1.15 million float,great opportunity for apes to make bank
Barbenheimer breaking records: AMC boasts its best admissions revenue in its 103-year history
Middle-income Americans think prosperity is within reach
It’s been a weird ride
Time to YOLO my savings into APLS ? -70% in 11 days, way oversold
Cramer just gave X his blessings
Finally, these bags have been heavy AF
One of us...
Why's DIS dropping?
Twitter is doing great today with the name change, should i buy calls?
How Rivian Became Analysts' Darling: All Upsides Of Tesla, Minus The Risks?
Palantir is the King of AI Stocks - Meme
$TGTX earnings likely to be way above estimates
Is it true what’s been said about the breakthrough enovix tech?
Long AMC 40,000 shares
It ain't much but it's honest work...
SOFI technologies Inc.
Watching SPY today
The "stock market" is boring...
VegetableResource204 would be up right now had he held his PYPL calls instead of going in on 0DTE SPY Puts
Time to build a crap stock portfolio?
UBS drops Credit Suisse’s Russian clients
If the US deschedules cannabis this year, what will be your moves?
❄️❄️❄️ Tom Hanks with the Monday Morning WSB Energy! ❄️❄️❄️
Foxconn's EV consortium to use BlackBerry's software
Fsr(Fisker) next Tsla
Some of you could reach this in a week
Invest in the only resource that has gone up constantly in the last 100 years!
Spy will probably be green today
July 31 - Long term CVNA holdings
Mattel to the moon
UPDATE: Roku to the moon 💎
Weekly PLTR YOLO Update. Holding for 50-100. Palantir is the most important company in the world right now!
where to buy stocks in lead nitrate, potassium phosphate and potassium?
A better metric for tracking debt. Interest on the national debt to GDP.
Morgan Stanley bear Wilson sees a 2019-like rally this year
Citi hikes S&P 500 price target: This is when it expects it to hit 5,000 By Investing.com
Daily Discussion Thread for July 31, 2023
A lot of you when meta was at 100$
Disney, Writers/Actors Strike and Box office losses
NIO holders, what do you guys think about holding this position longer? have you exited? exiting soon? holding to the moon?
Livent the Lithium Leviathan
Party bros give some stock market wisdom
$roku yolo $800 to $8500
Name a classier way to lose money?
This is not Apple, Nvidia, or Tesla its the US debt
LK-99 - The Potential Revolutionary Room-Temperature Superconductor
AAPL Earnings Yolo
Upstart - UPST - Need Advice Pls!
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, July 31, 2023
Writers Strike Could be a Double Edge Sword
Check out this battery pack teardown comparison of TSLA and BYD - One more reason to be a $TSLA Bull
18 year old meets 0DTE SPY Puts
ETSY DD
Is GE a good long term play?
$BUD Bud Light (Anheuser-Busch) reports earnings Wed night/Thurs morning
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-01 22:08:39
$BUD Due Dilligence
US Q3 GDP is expected to be 3.9% while inflation is projected to be 3.8% by September. This brings nominal Gdp to be around 7.6% in Sept min
Any of you guys use spreadsheets?
It ain’t much but it’s honest work $AMD edition
The US Housing Market Is Heading For A Double Digit Crash - Riddle
A safer yolo on PYPL
I actually did it (lost 10k. I make 21k/yr)
my trading setup after the last two days of es / nq price action 🤬
Su Bae FTW!
Squeeze 🪗
CLOV
PYPL is going to the moon Part 2
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 02, 2023
Hedging Bets: My SPY Put Strategy Amid Rising Bankruptcies
Why would any one want to invest in $NKLA after they pulled one of the biggest scams in history?
Over half a mil yolo AMD earnings
Calls on Lyft? How can they possibly not make money this quarter if they are taking most of the fare?
I only screenshot the good days when flexing to the fam
Let's have a party!
New Bull Market
Mesoblast $MESO | FDA approval decision 8/2/23
PLTR beggar
Fuck your puts fuck your calls jpows got you by the balls
$YELL $17k gain in 45 minutes
I told you it's a bubble.
Battle testing a crap stock rotation strategy. Roast me if you must
SPY DD 8/1/23 (Gyrados)
The LK-99 room temperature superconductor is probably alien technology
Welp now I have to deposit 25,000 I don’t have 💸
Stocks are having their best run since 2021. Can they beat the August doldrums?
PYPL to the moon
Short $BUD for earnings - "Bear Flag" set up measured move targeting $45.00 🍺📉
280,000 Tesla vehicles under investigation for losing steering control
$YELL - Hero or Zero. NFA
Room Temp Superconductors Incoming! Science Meets Stonks with LK-99 – Get in or Get Left Behind! 🚀
Yell Earnings call tomorrow
No seriously, how are people doing this
BA✈️ $8,000 gain in 27 min.
Number of Disabled Americans Reach All Time Highs While Stars Continue To Collapse
Mattel
Give me your most regarded 2-year play
How could I get so f-ed over?
Nikola Scores Big Win in Hydrogen Station Regulatory Grant Funding with an Additional $16.3M for a Total of $58.2M in the Last 30 Days
"The Lebron of AI" from the regarded Dan Ives , the stock fell 92% after this
Daily $SPY / $ES Analysis
Ok, you dummies. Here is how options work.
Bears (Shorts) gotta still make $$$ somehow.
Wait that's not how it's supposed to work..
Bullion dropping
I am that brother
S&P 500 has a new Street-high price target as Oppenheimer says bears are capitulating By Investing.com
OpenAI, Upwork partner to help companies hire AI specialists — Fox Business
Daily Discussion Thread for August 01, 2023
Meta plans launch of AI bots with different personas in attempt to retain user
The UK housing market is headed for a double digits crash.
A simple chart study to demonstrate a US financial crisis by the end of Q2 2024 which in turn will take our debt beyond the $40T mark.
SEC sues Crypto founder for using funds on luxury purchases—including a $4.3 million black diamond
Thots n prayers for $fubo with some $mara $pltr and $pypl for the finger in the poonani
Puts on ADBE? "Adobe worried AI Could Kill the Jobs of Their Own Customers"
401k won’t allow options
Listen up, Regards…
Bringing more dry powder from Sofi to PayPal
What do I do with my AAPL calls ahead of earnings this week?
Thank you, DISH GUY
Dow Winning Streak an Ominous Sign for October?
TLRY potential just based on historical marketcap
In Su Bae we Trust 🫣
In your face Cathie Woods.
Palantir Selected by Department of Defense to Automate Spectrum Coordination Workflows
Maybe it'll work next time...
Treasury wants to borrow 1.85T during 2H of this yr. ( Rrp stands at 1.82T )
I got these new coasters today!
Big Earnings week pt 2
Gave out $BABA last week went 2X - NEW YOLO - $DIS $89 Calls / Aug 18 2023 Expiration / ~$58k cost basis - wish me luck regards
TLRY could potentially see huge squeeze shortly
Hedge fund bears are capitulating and close to de-risking
IONQ YOLO
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 01, 2023
Netflix trying to push it's subscribers to an ad-based model is a bad sign
First Post - DISH GUY GOT ME
Yellow freight declares bankruptcy a couple days ago and today it hits just under 150% increase
It comes in waves, brahs
Superconductor News and how to take advantage
Ardelyx ($ARDX) is about to receive FDA approval and shoot back up
End of an Era: 99-Year-Old Trucking Giant Yellow Shuts Down, Leaving 30,000 Jobless
Bought $30k worth of Palantir this morning, bought another $27k at noon. I will be deploying 200k in $PLTR in total. IN KARP WE TRUST
Starting my investing journey. Gonna put 40% each in VOO and QQQM and 20% into GLD so what is everyone’s opinions on these?
Clover Health (CLOV) is moving and dirt cheap
BUY $WMT AND $MCD IF YOU LIKE MONEY & FK WIT RUSSIA
The Actor’s Strike
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-02 21:45:59
AMC earnings gunna be through the roof!
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS PRICE MOVEMENT. IVE LOST $375k SHOPIFY RUINED MY LIFE
uhhh PYPL bros?
EA earning call options disappointment
Fitch You Fucking Idiots
Robinhood's Q2 net revenue at $486M, beats estimates. Why?
Very bullish chart, clearly
Why AAPL will drop even if earnings are good
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 03, 2023
Why should everyone be bullish right now?
Lucid Motors CEO Reveals Plans To Rival Tesla Model 3 and Model Y
$TPX | Tempur Sealy Bed Maker | 33K Earnings FD Yolo | 40.00 P | Exp 08/18
Losses make me depressed. I’m done trading.
Calls on SPXL
The Fitch analyst behind the U.S. downgrade breaks down the decision
The Bubble Seems Like It's Back... In Honor of That Time I Made 43,000% Over Night... I'm Baaaacccckkkk
Buuuuuu mUH tESla!!!
Watch out for SPX weekly candle and 20dMA on the daily.
The Milk Rocket has taken off.
Re-Backward-tardation: UVXY
Inversed myself on PYPL
BlackRock under Investigation
If Trading had a voice chat
I don’t see any other possibility
AMZN & AAPL earnings tomorrow, we are so close to maybe the Bear lotto play of the century if they disappoint after today
200k SHOP ER yolo after losing 175k on AMD
I advised you all to buy puts before the Microsoft dip, calls before the Meta skyrocket, and calls before Intel shot up 7%. I’m back 😈
It might be a red dildo day for all of you but I'm making STACKS
🚀 Two-Pronged Attack to Glory: Shorting the Ugly or Riding the Green Wave – Choose Your Path to Tendie Town 🌿🔥
Coursera’s CEO Wants its AI Chatbot to Become Your AI Personal Tutor AI
Salesforce Cuts More Jobs After 10% Reduction Earlier This Year
Please if it just bounces back I will delete Robinhood and quit gambling forever
How many Fitches can we fit in a Tesla?
Evergrande starting trading 03/08
Why are clean energy stocks dropping so much, and so consistently?
It’s not gambling its called investing.
AAPL currently showing a Bart Simpson formation and is primed for a Homer breakout
$TLRY gang, assemble!
The credit rating agency Fitch has downgraded the US credit rating from AAA to AA+
Guys I think I went a little crazy doubling down on AMD
If the SPY support breaks "Wyckoff distribution" will be complete.
Oh, the irony... BoA thinks we're in for a soft landing now.
Please buy the dip PermaBulls
First lesson of yolonomics: BUY THE FUCKING DIP
Just sold 15 of my 20 calls. Take profit when you want not when you have to
WSB's reaction to the USA credit rating downgrade
Avoiding IV crush on earnings.
What Fitch thinks of the US
Comment Your YTD %
I’d rather have them expire worthless
Economy Private sector added 324,000 jobs in July, well above expectations, ADP says
Stocks sink after historic US credit rating downgrade
5 Reasons Earnings May Beat Expectations — and Continue Fueling the Rally 👀🔥
Fitch bitch glitch!
Wealthy Young American Investors Turn to Alternative Assets Amidst Doubts in Traditional Markets - ProfessPost
IonQ displaying a "Reverse Cramer" pattern.
Buy stocks they said. “Don’t trade options, you’ll lose money.”
Stick to U.S. stocks that offer experience over hope
What would be your choice if you were a bagholder of RIVN @50$, but had the capability to sell a covered call?
Daily Discussion Thread for August 02, 2023
The US Debt Downgrade could be the Catalyst!
Which superconductor company could be the next NVDA in the field of superconductors?
New super conducting material, buy silver puts?
What have I done?
Got approved for level 3 options, so I can finally make safer plays. Going for a straddle for apple’s earnings release.
Advanced Money Duplicator strikes again!
Puts and Calls (actually) explained
Regards on This Sub are Moody AF These Days...
Post-COVID Era Plays (Lessons from $PFE earnings)
All in!
It’s honestly an indication for a multi-year bull market
PLTR gang, but I was ~8 months early...
Thoughts on this 😬
Choose your fighter: $Dish guy, Two-Loans guy, Ice-cream-sandwiches-as-options trading guy
Last time Fitch downgraded US credit ratings was Aug 5th 2011, the same exact week as today.
Up $55K in one trade, pay for college or back into options?
Why Im buying calls into NVDA earnings - (9k options 7k shares)
Fitch downgrades U.S. long-term rating to AA+ from AAA
PYPL- Sarah Friar, formerly of fintech firm SQUARE, could make a return to PayPal as their new CEO
Invest in options
No longer AAA 😳 Fitch downgrades US debt rating. Flight to safe assets.
US Credit Rating Downgraded From AAA by Fitch
Why is POS C3.AI up so much today?
Why is YELL (Yellow Corp) stock rising so much after breaking news of bankruptcy?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-03 16:54:38
$ASTS 18k share Yolo
Tesla wants Taxpayers to fund $100mm charging network for its semis
Do we still do deep value? FMX
$MRVI DD
Will the bears grab control?
This dip is so Fitch!
Nikola Corporation Hydrogen Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Demand Surpasses 200
+$27k to -$50k in less than 24hrs
Feeling frisky. Mostly just trade AMD
Last Friday i posted that i expected the market to sell off this week
[Newbie] Bought Microsoft shares at 250 mainly as see value in ChatGPT. I think I'll hold for at least +6 months but I'd like your thoughts.
New FINRA Rules and now extra fees
$CLX earnings and 1dte options
Is SOFI the next big play?
Pawn Shops?
1929 vs 2023
Apps like Webull and Robinhood and Unfair option pricing.
I don't get it. Is being a bagholder a good thing or a bad thing?
Expedia Earnings Q2 2023 (Stock Down 14%)
Shorting higher education
Buying the fear
Nice "trading" Gift for my SO?
Did you guys made money during the COVID
Down… but not ready to work the dumpster yet!!
Amazing Reverse Gains
JPMorgan Analyst Cautions Investors: Potential AI Industry Trends May Impact NVIDIA Share Price
How do I become successful option trader?
Rampant DC dysfunction made America's credit downgrade inevitable
All jokes aside. What is the end game of the permabear?
Jobless claims tick slightly higher to 227k but remain low overall.
The reservoir of 'helicopter money' is drying up.
RTX Losses so far. Im told yall like this shit
Tesla's China-made EV sales slide in July from June as BYD stretches lead
how to unfuck your brain when you have a trading addiction
buying calls is the dumbest thing you can do this year
Daily Discussion Thread for August 03, 2023
🐻
3 months clean after making a comeback
SiriusXM SIRI ready to roll
You are really just gambling if you’re buying calls right now.
US yields skyrocketed after Fitch stripped the US of its AAA rating. 10y yields now at 4.15%, highest since November 2022.
What Bitch’s US credit rating downgrade means for your stonk portfolio
We are "Bear steepening" an ominous sign for the bad times ahead.
Is this position considered WSB regard
PayPal Holdings, Inc. Q2 Earnings Summary
SHOP Bounce Back Preditction
BOJ Enters Bond Market for Second Time This Week as Yields Rise
If you think company A is going to acquire company B, do you place calls on company B?
Hard landing confirmed by CNN. Any 🐻 still solvent?
Why we are months away from the top, the perfect sell signal and how to time the market
Regard Hall of Fame
I had a debate with someone about his company stock options and capital losses from previous years.
Newton's Theory of gravity
99% Guaranteed Loss
Cheers to the Redditor I met at the bar in RVA tonight!
$ZBRA is Oversold
SPY Puts 11k Gain Today
CVNA debt restructuring squeeze
Thoughts on a MEME ETF???
Why Paypal hate?
Guys, rule number 1 of trading options. Don't yolo your life savings.
Discussion about the Niger
------------------------------------------------------------------------------2023-08-04 16:11:44
Paypal right now
AAPL failing. No AI Mentioned. Thoughts?
What would you do with this if you weren’t a degenerate?
Anyone Else Thinking Rivian Strangle?
The typical U.S homebuyer is feeling the pinch with a 20% surge in monthly payment from last year.
New LNG export facilities will add billions to Texas economy - Nextdecade $NEXT
You do NOT have to buy the shares when exercising a call option
RR to the 🌜
Collateral misbehaving in the wake of Japan's YCC change, Fitch's madness, and Janet's heavy coupon calendar - Michael Howell
Are you winning son?
AAPL Earnings YOLO Update
It's like getting cash back on the Prime card but better
How do people lose their entire account on options?
this is gonna be bad...
Hedge funds lose $6bn betting against cruise lines and hotels
NIL King John Ruiz's LifeWallet Under Investigation by Feds After Massive SPAC Stock Collapse
US NonFarm Payrolls Breakdown. NEW US NON FARM PAYROLLS
Another strong quarter for movie theaters.
Advanced Auto Parts
Daily Discussion Thread for August 04, 2023
Coreweave raises debt collateralized by Nvidia chips
A news story from February 2008 where the Fed president at the time says there won't be a recession. LMAO
Amazon reports blowout profit, beats on sales and issues optimistic guidance
FSR - My Ultimate Regard YOLO + DD
I’m not Fucking Selling $AMZN!🐂💵🦅
Quality CVNA DD
For all of you with loss corn... Imagine you have gains, it's easy if you try.
Bull or bear, don’t care, I just want to make money!
Whats up with $TGT
What Oil stocks should we keep an eye on?
Should I join the RTX lawsuit
Should I put 50$ a week towards BTC or the S&P?
CVNA + SPY gains 34.5k > 109k
What can I do to gain just a penny?
Here is a REAL breakdown of Understanding Option Contracts
A very Healthy U.S. Mortgage-Backed Securities Index & Morningstar LSTA US Performing Loans TR USD
Fixed it for ya
-$100k today $PYPL
Mind the GAAP
Earnings thoughts apple and amazon
$Shopify the best is yet to come
AAPL Earnings 📉📉📉
Need help! Do I sell and be done with it? I hate the stock market and want to go home.
Petition to ban $SHOP guy
SEC requiring additional reporting from Large Hedge funds and All Private Equity.
🚀
What $AMZN bears see before getting margin-called
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, August 04, 2023
Apple, Amazon and Coinbase Earnings Today
Jimmy strikes again!
NVDA forming a classic onix pattern. I'm going in
How to avoid the embarrassment of showing massive losses to your accountant - A guide for regards
Trash DD, AMZN
When the IRS comes after you
I keep losing against $BUD
Great earnings guys!
Warren Buffett Remains Unfazed by Fitch’s Downgrade
Why did you start trading?
MCRB - possibly groundbreaking microbiome treatment
Learned what early assignment is today 🥲
$250K YOLO on Allogene $ALLO High SI right now
Better Option Strategies, Advice?
